million<-compound
billion<-compound
have<-ccomp nsubj
$<-case nummod
%<-nummod
$<-nummod
share<-det
have<-dobj nsubj
it<-dep
say<-ccomp nsubj
%<-compound
be<-ccomp
they<-case
he<-case
company<-det
more<-mwe
%<-nummod nmod
be<-ccomp nsubj
year<-det
company<-case det
$<-case cc nummod conj
be<-nsubj ccomp mark
cent<-dep nummod
%<-case nummod nmod
such<-mwe
%<-case nummod
year<-amod
have<-dobj nmod nsubj
he<-dep
have<-nsubj ccomp mark
have<-advmod ccomp nsubj
because<-mwe
accord<-nmod
$<-nummod nmod
which<-case
ago<-nmod:npmod
least<-case
year<-nummod
say<-nsubj ccomp
market<-det
it<-case
have<-nsubj dobj mark
quarter<-case det amod
up<-nmod
Corp.<-compound
have<-ccomp nmod nsubj
$<-case nummod nmod
we<-case
they<-dep
year<-case det
Japan<-case
want<-xcomp nsubj
as<-mwe
some<-nmod
Inc.<-compound
have<-ccomp
this<-dep
rise<-dobj nmod nsubj
year<-advmod det
one<-nmod
$<-compound
U.S.<-case det
$<-case nummod advmod
market<-case det
price<-compound
be<-advmod ccomp nsubj
we<-dep
most<-nmod
end<-case det nmod
year<-case nummod
year<-case amod
market<-case det compound
have<-xcomp nsubj
think<-ccomp nsubj
)<-compound
include<-dobj
include<-dobj nsubj
up<-nmod:npmod nmod
week<-amod
Bush<-compound
$<-nummod advmod nmod
government<-det
day<-det
rate<-compound
year<-case det amod
yen<-case nummod
much<-advmod
country<-case det
down<-nmod
lot<-det nmod
go<-xcomp
$<-nummod advmod
have<-aux ccomp nsubj
revenue<-dep
up<-nmod:npmod
rather<-mwe
less<-mwe
U.S.<-det
rise<-nmod dobj
nation<-case det
September<-case
week<-det
number<-det nmod
time<-case det
continue<-xcomp nsubj
down<-nmod:npmod
have<-aux dobj nsubj
have<-dobj mark
1988<-case
August<-case
I<-dep
Corp.<-case compound
far<-advmod
Co.<-compound
point<-nummod
Friday<-case
York<-case compound
world<-case det
rise<-dobj nsubj
stock<-det
$<-case cc nummod conj nmod:tmod
plan<-xcomp nsubj
period<-case det amod
market<-case det amod
example<-case
official<-compound
Oct.<-nummod
expect<-xcomp nsubj
month<-amod
1987<-case
Congress<-case
be<-nsubj expl mark
fall<-dobj nmod nsubj
year<-case nummod det amod
much<-nmod
she<-case
China<-case
month<-case nummod det
compare<-nmod
yield<-dobj mark
million<-case dep compound
sale<-dep
Jaguar<-case
instead<-mwe
try<-xcomp
say<-ccomp nmod nsubj
buy<-dobj mark
expect<-xcomp dobj nsubj
government<-case det
have<-ccomp mark
$<-cc nummod conj
sale<-nmod
market<-det compound
say<-ccomp
believe<-ccomp nsubj
make<-dobj mark
have<-advmod dobj nsubj
be<-advmod
expect<-xcomp aux
dollar<-det
seem<-xcomp nsubj
investor<-amod
income<-amod
compare<-nmod nsubj
longer<-neg
people<-amod
be<-advmod ccomp
all<-nmod
loss<-det nmod amod
people<-case
Inc.<-case compound
part<-case nmod
year<-case
be<-xcomp nsubj
all<-case
be<-xcomp
have<-dobj
one<-case
make<-dobj nmod mark
million<-advmod compound
time<-case det amod
Oct.<-case nummod
rise<-nmod nsubj
many<-nmod
remain<-xcomp nsubj
trading<-case amod
city<-case det
10<-advmod
industry<-case det
$<-case nummod nmod:tmod
sale<-case det nmod
some<-case nmod
make<-dobj nsubj
year<-det amod
Co.<-case compound
stock<-compound
company<-amod
Exchange<-case det compound
Kong<-case compound
pound<-det
week<-case amod
Washington<-case
have<-cc conj dobj nsubj
$<-case cc nummod conj nmod
investor<-case
have<-aux dobj neg nsubj
company<-dep det
stock<-case
be<-nsubj advmod expl
in<-mwe
take<-dobj nsubj
more<-advmod
20<-advmod
one<-case nmod
quarter<-case det
go<-xcomp aux
have<-cc conj ccomp nsubj
problem<-det
bank<-det
1986<-case
more<-nmod:npmod
only<-neg
buy<-dobj nmod mark
London<-case
Monday<-case
say<-advmod ccomp nsubj
be<-nsubj expl
that<-case
area<-case det compound
issue<-det
company<-case amod
cent<-case dep nummod
Peters<-compound
make<-xcomp mark
give<-iobj dobj
July<-case
$<-case cc nummod advmod conj
America<-case
trading<-case compound
1990<-case
case<-case det
sale<-case nmod
take<-dobj mark
fall<-dobj nsubj
now<-case
include<-dobj nmod nsubj
make<-dobj nmod nsubj
Treasury<-case det
make<-xcomp
price<-amod
state<-case det
yen<-nummod
month<-case nummod det amod
$<-case nummod advmod nmod
$<-dep nummod
Noriega<-compound
have<-nsubj ccomp advcl
Europe<-case
Germany<-case compound
time<-case
firm<-case det
sell<-dobj mark
do<-dobj mark
you<-case
month<-det
give<-dobj iobj nsubj
Bush<-case compound
try<-xcomp nsubj
price<-det nmod
earnings<-amod
value<-det nmod
have<-xcomp advmod nsubj
loss<-det nmod
have<-advcl dobj nsubj
course<-case
day<-case det
million<-case compound
Nov.<-nummod
Noriega<-case compound
president<-nmod
1989<-case
own<-dobj nsubj
yen<-case nummod nmod
revenue<-case nmod
earlier<-nmod:npmod
deal<-det
there<-dep
economy<-det
share<-compound
week<-case det amod
come<-nmod nsubj
month<-nummod
company<-det compound
go<-nmod nsubj
income<-nmod amod
GM<-case
show<-ccomp nsubj
part<-nmod
want<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
have<-xcomp aux nsubj
many<-advmod
say<-nsubj ccomp mark
make<-dobj
Britain<-case
year<-case nummod nmod
yesterday<-case
at<-mwe
state<-det
law<-det
Fed<-det
cent<-nummod
issue<-case det
say<-nsubj
make<-nmod nsubj
increase<-nmod dobj
agree<-xcomp nsubj
due<-dep
help<-xcomp mark
Francisco<-case compound
judge<-det
need<-xcomp nsubj
economy<-case det
come<-nmod
pay<-dobj nmod mark
appear<-xcomp nsubj
want<-xcomp nsubj mark
Department<-det compound
rate<-compound det amod
officer<-amod
company<-case
week<-case det
little<-det
asset<-case
call<-xcomp nsubj
fall<-nmod nsubj
money<-det
firm<-det
make<-xcomp nsubj
business<-case
base<-nmod
due<-nmod:tmod
$<-case dep nummod advmod
know<-ccomp nsubj
number<-det nmod amod
lot<-det
past<-case det
half<-advmod
abortion<-case
California<-case
decline<-xcomp nsubj
50<-advmod
people<-case acl:relcl
(<-dobj
ounce<-det
sale<-nmod amod
sale<-case
investor<-det
plan<-det compound
Sept.<-nummod
down<-nmod:npmod nmod
company<-compound det amod
hope<-xcomp nsubj
take<-dobj
he<-case dep
stock<-case amod
those<-case nmod
reduce<-dobj mark
kind<-det nmod
1985<-case
Corp.<-appos compound
plan<-det
well<-advmod
have<-xcomp ccomp nsubj
include<-nmod dobj
good<-advmod
cost<-det nmod
price<-case amod
now<-advmod
do<-dobj
time<-amod
Board<-case det compound
later<-nmod:npmod
suggest<-ccomp nsubj
Average<-det compound
today<-case
they<-case dep
UAL<-case
price<-det
Street<-case compound
company<-det amod
point<-case det
time<-det
predict<-ccomp nsubj
close<-nmod mark
I<-case
agency<-det
earn<-dobj nmod nsubj
this<-case
lose<-dobj nsubj
people<-det
market<-det amod
million<-dep compound
president<-det
stock<-nmod:poss
program<-det
have<-aux nsubj ccomp mark
industry<-case det compound
head<-nmod
Soviets<-det
contract<-det compound
France<-case
bank<-case det
stock<-case det
)<-case compound
make<-ccomp nsubj
take<-nmod dobj
product<-case amod
way<-det
bill<-det
business<-det
profit<-amod
build<-dobj mark
more<-nmod
see<-ccomp mark
see<-ccomp nsubj
have<-nsubj ccomp advmod mark
Gorbachev<-case compound
share<-case nummod
trillion<-compound
instance<-case
fund<-case det
that<-nmod
end<-case det compound
market<-case amod
thing<-case amod
drop<-dobj nsubj
bond<-case compound
addition<-case
sell<-dobj
worker<-case
company<-case det amod
$<-dep nummod advmod
stock<-amod
administration<-det
fact<-case
get<-dobj mark
those<-case acl:relcl
make<-nmod
he<-cc conj
active<-advmod
make<-xcomp aux nsubj
expect<-xcomp
bank<-det amod
go<-nmod
company<-compound
expect<-dobj nsubj
fund<-amod
price<-case det
lower<-advmod
pay<-dobj mark
price<-nmod
bond<-case amod
home<-case
stock<-case compound
higher<-advmod
gain<-dobj nsubj
one<-cop nmod
get<-dobj nsubj
result<-case det nmod
year<-case advmod det
business<-amod
profit<-nmod
higher<-nmod:npmod
all<-case nmod
company<-case det compound
be<-xcomp nsubj mark
one<-neg
1980<-case
Tokyo<-case
back<-nmod
be<-nsubj ccomp dobj
see<-dobj mark
offer<-det
Krenz<-compound
reflect<-dobj nsubj
sell<-dobj nmod mark
likely<-xcomp cop
business<-case det compound
Tuesday<-case
firm<-compound
along<-nmod
Corp.<-case cc conj compound
time<-case det nmod amod
fund<-case compound
way<-case
Index<-det compound
1992<-case
Dinkins<-compound
total<-dobj nsubj
put<-dobj nmod mark
continue<-xcomp mark
hope<-ccomp nsubj
week<-advmod det
likely<-xcomp cop nsubj
government<-det amod
analyst<-det
way<-case det
market<-case compound det amod
important<-advmod
Warner<-case
cent<-case nummod
buy<-dobj
number<-case det nmod
provide<-dobj mark
$<-dep
Poland<-case
problem<-case det
Fed<-case det
but<-nmod
make<-ccomp mark
%<-nummod advmod
think<-aux ccomp neg nsubj
she<-dep
exchange<-det
country<-det
sale<-amod
IBM<-case
group<-case det
investor<-case amod
part<-case
unit<-det nmod
become<-xcomp aux nsubj
able<-xcomp aux cop nsubj
contend<-ccomp nsubj
support<-dobj mark
city<-det
Breeden<-compound
think<-nsubj ccomp mark
industry<-det
people<-dep
month<-advmod det
$<-cc nummod advmod conj
trading<-nmod
pilot<-det
able<-xcomp cop
be<-nsubj advmod mark
bit<-det
union<-det
see<-dobj nsubj
America<-case compound
Inc.<-case nmod compound
tell<-dobj ccomp nsubj
have<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
woman<-det
%<-case cc nummod conj nmod
say<-ccomp mark
help<-xcomp nsubj
House<-det compound
$<-case dep nummod compound
revenue<-nmod
Chicago<-case
this<-nmod
Nissan<-case
Moscow<-case
month<-case det
damage<-amod
increase<-det nmod amod
do<-dobj nsubj
cash<-case
price<-case compound
cent<-nummod nmod
become<-xcomp nsubj
allow<-xcomp dobj
move<-det
people<-case amod
Panama<-case
sell<-nmod
Union<-det compound
debt<-case
earnings<-compound
net<-nmod
up<-mwe
make<-advmod dobj nsubj
government<-det compound
June<-case nummod
indicate<-ccomp nsubj
rest<-case det nmod
take<-dobj nmod mark
Gorbachev<-compound
quarter<-det amod
he<-acl:relcl
charge<-case nmod
company<-case compound
need<-dobj nsubj
40<-advmod
proposal<-det
include<-ccomp nsubj
summer<-det
rate<-det nmod compound
$<-dep nummod compound
15<-advmod
develop<-dobj mark
have<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
add<-dobj nsubj
have<-aux nsubj dobj mark
fund<-det
moment<-case det
continue<-xcomp nsubj mark
U.S.<-case cc conj det
June<-case
argue<-ccomp nsubj
Standard<-cc case conj
money<-amod
other<-case det
month<-case det amod
fact<-case det
effect<-case
call<-dobj nsubj
own<-nmod
give<-dobj iobj mark
report<-ccomp nsubj
get<-dobj
sale<-compound
get<-dobj nmod mark
time<-case acl:relcl det
1983<-case
not<-dep
range<-case det nmod amod
life<-case
figure<-det
Co.<-nmod compound
%<-dep compound
Lloyd<-case
earnings<-case
group<-det
avoid<-dobj mark
loan<-case amod
help<-ccomp mark
stake<-det nmod amod
case<-det
take<-dobj nmod nsubj
quarter<-case det nmod amod
those<-acl:relcl
begin<-xcomp nsubj
exchange<-case det
network<-det
client<-case
board<-det
Federal<-case
growth<-amod
find<-dobj mark
day<-nummod
those<-nmod
trading<-case
be<-advmod nsubj
other<-case
have<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
want<-dobj nmod nsubj
Digital<-case
%<-nummod det amod
Paul<-compound
get<-dobj nmod nsubj
pay<-nmod mark
company<-case compound amod
interest<-amod
exchange<-case nmod
Bank<-compound
rate<-case compound
say<-nsubj ccomp advcl
share<-case nmod:poss
Union<-case det compound
Inc.<-case appos compound
market<-compound det amod
drop<-det nmod amod
let<-ccomp
work<-nmod mark
acquire<-dobj mark
close<-nmod
come<-advmod nmod nsubj
mark<-case cc nummod conj
mile<-nummod
gain<-det nmod amod
bond<-amod
India<-case
volume<-nmod
high<-advmod
contract<-det
Securities<-cc conj
price<-det compound
%<-cc nummod conj
consider<-dobj
keep<-dobj nmod mark
increase<-det nmod
time<-nummod
chairman<-nmod
decide<-xcomp nsubj
be<-nsubj nmod expl
market<-case det nmod
area<-case det
decade<-case det
week<-advmod amod
be<-ccomp nmod nsubj
continue<-xcomp aux nsubj
transaction<-det
loss<-det
represent<-dobj nsubj
rest<-det nmod
carry<-dobj nsubj
arbitrage<-compound
July<-case nummod
January<-case
half<-advmod nmod
want<-dobj nsubj
part<-case det nmod
sale<-det nmod
group<-det compound
most<-case nmod
revenue<-case
build<-dobj nmod mark
cost<-compound
yield<-det nmod amod
debt<-case amod
put<-dobj nmod nsubj
produce<-dobj mark
earthquake<-case det
purchase<-dobj nmod mark
point<-nummod nmod
fear<-ccomp nsubj
computer<-det
spokesman<-det compound
have<-nsubj dobj advcl
trading<-case nmod amod
report<-det
keep<-dobj mark
price<-case
reduce<-dobj
Group<-compound
month<-case nummod det nmod amod
be<-aux ccomp nsubj
basis<-case det amod
%<-case dep compound
all<-cc
U.S<-case det
security<-case amod
number<-det
60<-advmod
earnings<-nmod
wake<-case det nmod
tend<-xcomp nsubj
out<-nmod
decision<-det
have<-neg ccomp nsubj
give<-dobj
earnings<-nmod:poss amod
create<-dobj mark
money<-case
gain<-det nmod
other<-det
win<-dobj nsubj
Thatcher<-compound
strategy<-det
try<-xcomp mark
%<-case dep nummod
jump<-dobj nsubj
effect<-det nmod
role<-det nmod amod
recently<-advmod
security<-amod
half<-case det nmod amod
Sotheby<-case
rate<-case det nmod amod
keep<-xcomp mark
Ford<-case
two<-case
service<-compound
dollar<-case det
case<-case amod
share<-det amod
yesterday<-amod
plant<-case det
well<-nmod
country<-case amod
have<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
place<-case
try<-xcomp nsubj mark
know<-aux ccomp neg nsubj
May<-case
1984<-case
Jones<-compound
mean<-ccomp nsubj
urge<-xcomp dobj nsubj
use<-xcomp dobj nsubj
West<-case det
bill<-det amod
pay<-dobj iobj mark
follow<-dobj nsubj
sell<-nmod dobj
bid<-det
manager<-compound
long<-advmod
like<-xcomp aux nsubj
administration<-det compound
December<-case
company<-det nmod
City<-case compound
bond<-nmod:poss amod
much<-advmod advcl
increase<-dobj nmod nsubj
inflation<-case
problem<-det nmod
provide<-dobj nsubj
gain<-det
unit<-nmod:poss compound
Commission<-case det compound
100<-advmod
have<-cc dobj nsubj
continue<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
find<-ccomp nsubj
use<-dobj nsubj
stock<-case nmod:poss amod
behalf<-case nmod
system<-compound det amod
sell<-dobj nmod nsubj
measure<-det
industry<-det compound
often<-advmod
Guber<-cc conj compound
contract<-case det
market<-det nmod amod
group<-det nmod
date<-case
what<-case
exchange<-case det compound
loan<-amod
get<-aux dobj nsubj
unit<-case nmod:poss compound
impact<-det nmod
$<-cc nummod conj nmod
two<-det
issue<-dep det
enough<-advmod
month<-case amod
allow<-xcomp dobj nsubj
order<-amod
control<-nmod
get<-xcomp
maker<-det compound
Corp.<-cc conj compound
cent<-dep nummod compound
program<-det compound
executive<-compound
unit<-det
reduce<-dobj nmod mark
state<-cc conj
increase<-dobj nmod mark
U.S.<-case det nmod
report<-dobj nmod nsubj
price<-compound amod
price<-case det amod
one<-det amod
just<-dep
rate<-compound amod
profit<-nmod amod
chance<-det
Roman<-compound
information<-amod
want<-xcomp advmod nsubj
advantage<-nmod
have<-ccomp expl
bank<-case
market<-case compound
2<-advmod
Kong<-compound
average<-case det nmod
series<-det nmod
be<-cc conj ccomp nsubj
say<-dobj
system<-case det amod
Mexico<-case
there<-advmod
issue<-case amod
seem<-xcomp nmod nsubj
use<-dobj
use<-dobj mark
be<-dep nsubj
sale<-case amod
loss<-det amod
get<-xcomp mark
share<-case compound
earnings<-nmod:poss
low<-advmod
business<-case amod
seem<-xcomp nsubj mark
Inc.<-case cc conj compound
trust<-det
machine<-det
index<-det compound
economy<-det amod
allow<-xcomp aux dobj nsubj
Senate<-det
fund<-compound
employee<-case
sale<-case compound
loan<-case compound
market<-dep det
go<-nmod mark
believe<-nsubj ccomp mark
add<-ccomp nsubj
Nicaragua<-case
one<-cop nmod nsubj
week<-nummod
follow<-dobj
mark<-case nummod
investor<-dep
day<-case det amod
June<-nummod
role<-det nmod
government<-case
raise<-dobj mark
become<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
30<-advmod
team<-det
$<-case dep nummod
$<-cop nummod advmod
March<-nummod
yield<-det nmod
Lawson<-compound
house<-det
use<-xcomp nsubj
fall<-advmod nmod nsubj
trader<-amod
remain<-nmod nsubj
be<-nsubj advmod ccomp mark
way<-det amod
pay<-dobj
become<-xcomp nmod nsubj
dollar<-case
intend<-xcomp nsubj
SEC<-det
work<-case
make<-ccomp
Eastern<-case
three<-advmod
jump<-dobj nmod nsubj
bank<-case amod
Pentagon<-case det
point<-case nummod
decline<-det nmod amod
earnings<-case amod
quake<-case det
1982<-case
case<-det nmod
order<-det
ask<-xcomp dobj nsubj
improve<-dobj mark
system<-det amod
plant<-det
insurance<-compound
income<-nmod:poss amod
people<-nummod
thing<-det amod
accept<-dobj mark
share<-nmod:poss
and<-nmod
%<-case nummod appos
business<-case det amod
gain<-nmod dobj
people<-case det
result<-det
price<-case det nmod
barrel<-det
refuse<-xcomp nsubj
involve<-dobj nsubj
include<-dobj mark
produce<-dobj nsubj
dollar<-case nmod
seem<-xcomp advmod nsubj
bank<-amod
income<-dep amod
industry<-case amod
sign<-nmod
share<-nummod amod
right<-det acl
car<-det
side<-nummod det
October<-case
three<-case
lead<-nmod
rest<-det
meet<-dobj mark
again<-advmod
create<-dobj
addition<-case acl
broker<-det
yen<-case nummod advmod
become<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
trading<-amod
take<-advcl dobj mark
Phillips<-compound
day<-case nummod
time<-det amod
term<-case nmod
Street<-compound
receive<-dobj nsubj
amount<-det nmod amod
any<-nmod
ought<-xcomp nsubj
loss<-nmod
client<-det
trader<-case
hold<-dobj mark
fall<-nmod dobj
be<-aux advmod nsubj
lower<-nmod:npmod
agency<-case det
income<-case amod
policy<-amod
require<-xcomp dobj nsubj
trader<-compound
trading<-compound
administration<-case det compound
letter<-det nmod
analyst<-case
old<-nmod:npmod compound
bottom<-case det nmod
operation<-case amod
use<-det nmod
Corp.<-case nmod compound
claim<-ccomp nsubj
business<-compound
have<-advcl ccomp nsubj
stock<-nmod
year<-advmod amod
Department<-case det compound
worker<-case amod
thing<-amod
interest<-nmod
have<-dep dobj nsubj
hold<-ccomp nsubj
recession<-det
product<-amod
try<-xcomp aux
period<-det amod
share<-nmod
income<-case nmod amod
director<-nmod
size<-det nmod
loan<-compound
delivery<-case compound
opportunity<-det acl
sale<-det
Reagan<-case compound
show<-dobj mark
people<-acl:relcl
be<-mark
suit<-det
buy<-nmod dobj
fund<-case
bill<-case det
make<-nmod dobj
decade<-case det amod
business<-case det
plan<-case det compound
recession<-case det
have<-nmod dobj
government<-case det compound
bid<-case det amod
million<-case nmod:tmod compound
government<-amod
double<-advmod
century<-case det amod
service<-amod
member<-case nmod
bill<-case amod
session<-case det
IRS<-det
agree<-xcomp aux nsubj
talk<-nmod
do<-aux dobj nsubj
government<-case det amod
Paribas<-case
value<-det nmod amod
hold<-advmod dobj nsubj
cost<-case det nmod
whom<-case
Nov.<-case nummod
Germany<-compound
aid<-case amod
soon<-advmod
increase<-dobj mark
sale<-dep amod
provide<-dobj nmod mark
run<-nmod
result<-nmod
growth<-case compound
system<-det compound
building<-case det
operation<-case compound
bond<-compound
have<-xcomp nmod nsubj
}<-compound amod
wonder<-ccomp nsubj
concern<-det compound
other<-nmod
Arizona<-case
a<-advmod
note<-ccomp nsubj
February<-case
1981<-case
credit<-case
hand<-case det nmod
volume<-case nmod amod
that<-case nmod
family<-case det
get<-nmod dobj
help<-xcomp aux nsubj
rate<-det compound
25<-advmod
plan<-xcomp nsubj mark
increase<-det
return<-case
Airlines<-case compound
rise<-advmod nmod nsubj
ensure<-ccomp mark
bond<-case
bring<-nmod dobj
part<-det nmod amod
issue<-det amod
hour<-det
show<-dobj nsubj
debt<-amod
public<-det
know<-nmod
far<-nmod
change<-amod
share<-nummod
Pentagon<-det
Aug.<-nummod
issue<-amod
deal<-case det
cost<-amod
law<-case det
decision<-det acl
give<-aux dobj iobj nsubj
thousand<-nmod
provide<-dobj nmod nsubj
have<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
much<-case nmod
make<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
have<-ccomp nsubj dobj mark
have<-dobj ccomp nsubj
call<-nmod nsubj
something<-case
March<-case
consist<-nmod
look<-nmod mark
effect<-det nmod amod
volume<-dep
go<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
sell<-dobj nsubj
use<-advcl dobj
do<-advmod
tell<-dobj nsubj
70<-advmod
Procter<-cc conj
woman<-case det
rate<-det nmod
House<-case det compound
executive<-case compound
quickly<-advmod
operation<-compound
policy<-case det
role<-det amod
remain<-xcomp nmod nsubj
decline<-det nmod
%<-case nummod advmod
fail<-xcomp nsubj
be<-xcomp aux nsubj
cut<-dobj mark
change<-case
price<-det nmod amod
product<-det
month<-case
Committee<-case det compound
product<-case compound
demand<-amod
have<-dobj nmod mark
Japanese<-det
have<-cc conj nsubj ccomp mark
business<-nmod:poss compound
form<-det nmod
share<-det nmod amod
Moody<-case
court<-det
contract<-det amod
these<-dep
drop<-dobj nmod nsubj
see<-dobj nmod mark
loss<-nmod amod
mind<-case
more<-cc conj
old<-nmod:npmod
as<-nmod
take<-nmod
profit<-nmod:poss
asset<-nmod
help<-dobj mark
matter<-det
due<-nmod
way<-case det amod
boost<-dobj mark
have<-xcomp mark
investor<-nmod
region<-case det
car<-case det
Reserve<-det compound
leave<-dobj
Association<-case det nmod compound
House<-det
decide<-ccomp mark
Jr.<-compound
be<-advcl
yield<-nmod mark
maker<-compound
quarter<-case nmod:poss amod
Houston<-case
Hugo<-case compound
York<-compound
Sears<-case
average<-case
earnings<-nmod amod
product<-case
hand<-case
line<-case
dollar<-det nmod ccomp
able<-xcomp aux cop nsubj mark
provide<-dobj
price<-det amod
close<-nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
September<-case nummod
say<-aux ccomp nsubj
bond<-det
receive<-aux dobj nsubj
stock<-cc conj
Exchange<-det compound
Group<-case compound
1<-advmod
york-based<-amod
management<-nmod:poss
future<-case det amod
12<-advmod
judge<-case det
up<-cc conj
get<-advcl dobj mark
8<-advmod
value<-det nmod compound
have<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
come<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
change<-det
begin<-dobj nmod mark
quarter<-det
Court<-det compound
attention<-amod
trading<-nmod amod
level<-case det amod
do<-advmod nsubj
seek<-nmod dobj
part<-case det nmod amod
Ltd.<-compound
crash<-case nummod det
court<-case det
use<-dobj nmod mark
management<-case
cost<-det
own<-nsubj dobj mark
Africa<-case compound
sale<-case det
project<-det
they<-acl:relcl
addition<-case nmod
Hollywood<-case
like<-xcomp nsubj
Co.<-appos compound
have<-xcomp nsubj mark
three<-nmod
time<-acl:relcl det amod
issue<-case compound
do<-nmod mark
loss<-amod
be<-cc conj nsubj ccomp mark
bank<-det compound
that<-cc acl:relcl
increase<-case det
legislation<-det
firm<-compound det amod
order<-compound
part<-cop nmod
leader<-compound
run<-dobj mark
bill<-case det amod
Corry<-compound
do<-nsubj
veto<-det amod
put<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
position<-case det amod
effort<-det
cut<-compound det amod
continue<-dobj mark
market<-amod
bid<-det amod
one<-dep
tell<-ccomp dobj
earthquake<-det
yesterday<-case compound amod
time<-case nmod
five<-advmod
Paris<-case
try<-xcomp aux nsubj
Warsaw<-case
do<-nmod
power<-amod
expect<-mark
thing<-det
president<-case det
there<-case
proposal<-det amod
investment<-case amod
lose<-aux dobj nsubj
response<-case
owner<-compound
have<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
amount<-det nmod
account<-nmod nsubj
lead<-nmod nsubj
come<-nsubj nmod mark
add<-dobj
receive<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
get<-nmod
market<-det nmod
Texas<-case
able<-xcomp aux cop neg nsubj
go<-advmod nsubj
trading<-case compound amod
%<-case nummod acl:relcl
rate<-det nmod amod
grow<-nmod
survey<-case det
}<-det compound
hold<-dobj nsubj
light<-case nmod
plan<-case det
offer<-nmod:poss
avoid<-dobj nmod mark
amount<-det
dividend<-det nmod amod
end<-case compound det amod
usual<-case
July<-nummod
early<-nmod
happen<-nmod nsubj
airline<-case det
gain<-dobj nmod nsubj
have<-nsubj ccomp nmod mark
one<-advmod
April<-case nummod
feel<-xcomp nsubj
Brothers<-compound
Lawson<-case compound
rise<-nmod amod
job<-case det
go<-advmod nmod nsubj
money<-case det
end<-case dep nummod det compound
Volokh<-compound
try<-xcomp advmod nsubj
market<-case
many<-case nmod
situation<-det
two<-nmod
volume<-case nmod
reduce<-nmod
pay<-nmod dobj
version<-det nmod amod
work<-nmod nsubj
set<-compound:prt dobj mark
Berlin<-case compound
two<-nmod:npmod
office<-nmod:poss
Drexel<-case
replace<-dobj mark
industry<-case det amod
order<-case
seek<-xcomp nsubj
point<-case nummod nmod
president<-case
president<-cc conj
anticipation<-case nmod
fall<-det
period<-case det
note<-det
loss<-case det nmod amod
share<-amod
be<-nsubj
tax<-compound
value<-case
deficit<-det compound
figure<-amod
feel<-ccomp nsubj
what<-advmod
back<-nmod:npmod
maker<-compound amod
have<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
future<-case det
japanese<-det
hundred<-nmod
ghost<-nmod:poss
sell<-aux nmod nsubj
let<-ccomp mark
sector<-case det compound
%<-cop nummod nmod
part<-appos det amod
law<-case amod
program<-case compound
Smith<-compound
rate<-compound det nmod amod
deliver<-dobj nmod mark
increase<-dobj
stem<-nmod nsubj
power<-case
idea<-det
concern<-det amod
end<-case dep det compound
turn<-case
have<-xcomp
charge<-ccomp nsubj
hour<-nummod
lawyer<-det
price<-nmod:poss compound
share<-det nmod
cost<-case det nmod amod
find<-xcomp nsubj
make<-xcomp nsubj mark
property<-case amod
estimate<-det
export<-case
million<-case nmod compound
bill<-det compound
buy-out<-case det
year<-nummod nmod
while<-case det
offset<-dobj mark
two<-advmod
Canada<-case
Angeles<-case compound
have<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
result<-case det
buy<-cc conj dobj mark
claim<-xcomp nsubj
accuse<-dobj nsubj
effort<-case det acl
January<-case nummod
price<-nmod:poss
level<-det amod
result<-amod
study<-det
computer<-case amod
IMF<-det
scandal<-det compound
official<-det compound
disaster<-case det
Soviets<-case det
acquire<-dobj nmod mark
prior<-nmod
Wang<-case
million<-nmod
have<-cc ccomp nsubj
lie<-nmod nsubj
book<-det
more<-advcl
Computer<-compound
)<-dep nummod
result<-det nmod
ask<-xcomp dobj
Mitchell<-compound
November<-case
report<-dobj nsubj
morning<-det
action<-det
system<-case det
trading<-case amod compound
Poland<-case cc conj
as<-advmod
maturity<-case
anything<-case
company<-case compound det amod
official<-nmod
successful<-advmod
}<-case compound
Gonzalez<-compound
use<-case det nmod
have<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
unit<-det compound
May<-case nummod
increase<-case det nmod amod
get<-nmod mark
assume<-ccomp
one<-nmod:npmod
point<-case nummod nmod compound
begin<-xcomp aux nsubj
1979<-case
bank<-case det compound
include<-nsubj dobj mark
offer<-det amod
Committee<-det compound
Trade<-case
Oakland<-case
themselves<-case
April<-case
Inc.<-cc conj compound
point<-nummod compound
people<-nmod
say<-cc ccomp nsubj
$<-case nummod det nmod
begin<-xcomp
have<-cc conj nsubj dobj mark
security<-det
spring<-amod
service<-case compound amod
demand<-nmod
Air<-compound
hour<-amod
Corp.<-dep compound
decision<-nmod:poss
Court<-case det compound
analyst<-dep
CBS<-case
leader<-det amod
half<-case
operation<-case nmod:poss compound
be<-advmod mark
index<-amod det compound
earnings<-case nmod
wish<-ccomp nsubj
thing<-case
become<-xcomp advmod nsubj
budget<-det
create<-dobj nsubj
plan<-det amod
want<-nsubj dobj mark
do<-ccomp
people<-case nmod
mark<-case nummod nmod:tmod
success<-case
history<-case
Thursday<-case
make<-advcl dobj mark
end<-case det
block<-dobj mark
force<-xcomp dobj
look<-nmod nsubj
magazine<-case compound
involve<-ccomp nsubj
sale<-nmod:poss
increase<-nmod
order<-nmod
yield<-case det nmod
Corp.<-case appos compound
tax<-case
problem<-dep det
Party<-det compound
world<-case det amod
day<-case amod
D.<-appos compound
report<-advmod ccomp nsubj
compare<-xcomp nmod nsubj
D.<-compound
only<-nmod:npmod
plan<-xcomp
institution<-case amod
Games<-case nummod det compound
tell<-xcomp dobj nsubj
return<-det nmod
sell<-advcl dobj mark
add<-dobj nmod mark
Friday<-amod
attract<-dobj mark
control<-case
just<-nmod:npmod
chromosome<-case nummod
share<-nummod nmod
plan<-det acl
sale<-case compound amod
get<-xcomp nmod mark
see<-dobj nmod nsubj
go<-xcomp nsubj
area<-case amod
have<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
product<-case det amod
go<-aux nmod nsubj
Inc.<-nmod compound
policy<-compound
official<-case compound
have<-nsubj
film<-case det
unit<-case det compound
report<-dobj nmod mark
quarter<-case nummod det amod
job<-nummod
keep<-xcomp
we<-case dep
concern<-amod
Carpenter<-compound
volume<-compound
center<-case det
committee<-det
option<-det acl
company<-case det nmod
Boston<-case compound
increase<-det amod
Department<-case det nmod
comment<-mark
hand<-case det amod
Americans<-amod
company<-acl:relcl
grow<-nmod dobj
year<-case nmod
(<-dobj nmod nsubj
also<-ccomp nsubj
one<-case det
raise<-dobj nmod mark
receive<-dobj nmod nsubj
Sept.<-case nummod
better<-advmod
quote<-cc auxpass advmod conj nmod
goods<-case compound
amount<-case det amod
company<-compound amod
look<-nmod
Morris<-compound
profit<-nmod:poss amod
come<-aux nmod nsubj
total<-det nmod
bill<-case det compound
show<-ccomp mark
payment<-nmod
month<-det amod
car<-amod
manufacturer<-case
news<-det
law<-det amod
reflect<-dobj nmod nsubj
do<-ccomp nsubj
administration<-case det
rise<-compound
firm<-det compound
see<-ccomp
(<-nmod dobj
side<-det
some<-dep
everything<-case
Lynch<-compound
Jones<-dep compound
day<-case nummod nmod
Monday<-amod
keep<-dobj
level<-det nmod
impact<-det nmod amod
see<-xcomp
weekend<-case det
floor<-case det compound
Bork<-case compound
day<-det amod
Board<-case det nmod compound
speculation<-case
unit<-case det
know<-ccomp mark
each<-nmod
state<-det nmod
figure<-ccomp nsubj
activity<-case amod
deal<-det amod
kind<-case det nmod
ad<-det
analyst<-det nmod
operate<-dobj
end<-det nmod
bond<-compound amod
copper<-case
investor<-compound
investor<-case det
doubt<-neg
acquisition<-det
form<-case det nmod
point<-det
level<-det nmod amod
deal<-case
contain<-dobj nsubj
and<-advmod
program<-compound
concern<-case
University<-case det nmod
board<-case det
February<-case nummod
case<-case nmod
cent<-case nummod nmod
fund<-det compound
parent<-det nmod
1976<-case
meeting<-case det nmod amod
product<-det amod
wave<-det nmod amod
Smith<-case compound
end<-case compound
}<-compound
one<-det
woman<-case
month<-case det nmod amod
lose<-dobj
HUD<-case
relate<-nmod nsubj
share<-nmod:poss nmod
provision<-det
say<-ccomp nmod:tmod nsubj
run<-dobj nmod nsubj
$<-nummod det nmod
majority<-case det nmod
asset<-case nmod:poss
effort<-case det amod
bushel<-det
create<-aux dobj nsubj
earnings<-case nmod:poss
stand<-nmod nsubj
gain<-compound
market<-compound
fall<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
own<-dobj nmod nsubj
send<-nmod dobj
yield<-case det nmod amod
currency<-case amod
seek<-dobj nmod mark
world<-det
seem<-xcomp
subject<-nmod
time<-case det nmod
start<-case det nmod
rule<-compound
power<-case amod
talk<-case nmod
pilot<-case det
drug<-case
portion<-det nmod
term<-det nmod
Gandhi<-compound
heavily<-advmod
sale<-case det compound
want<-xcomp nsubj dobj
operate<-nmod nsubj
damage<-det
value<-nmod
gene<-case det amod
way<-det acl
PLC<-case compound
ground<-case det
offer<-dobj nmod nsubj
chairman<-case det
majority<-det nmod
sterling<-dep
say<-dep nsubj
curb<-dobj mark
expect<-xcomp aux nsubj
law<-case
group<-case det amod
rate<-case compound amod
default<-case
pressure<-nmod
state<-case det nmod
year<-case nummod det
October<-case nummod
change<-det nmod
work<-nmod
(<-case compound
supply<-dobj nmod mark
20<-case
stock<-dep
result<-nmod:poss
bid<-det nmod
Bloomingdale<-case
office<-case
make<-nsubj dobj mark
revenue<-amod
import<-case
money<-compound
chance<-det acl
capacity<-amod
agree<-xcomp nmod nsubj
Honecker<-case compound
night<-amod
create<-nmod nsubj
press<-det
report<-det compound
share<-case amod
any<-case nmod
life<-amod
lose<-dobj nmod nsubj
make<-aux dobj nsubj
front<-case nmod
$<-cop nummod
decision<-det amod
decision<-nmod:poss acl
become<-xcomp
make<-advcl dobj
all<-acl:relcl
Arkansas<-case
Bartlett<-compound
Dec.<-nummod
England<-case
$<-nummod acl:relcl
begin<-xcomp nsubj mark
get<-advmod dobj nsubj
way<-nmod
want<-xcomp dobj nsubj
let<-aux ccomp nsubj
expect<-ccomp nsubj
keep<-ccomp mark
average<-det amod
United<-case
insist<-ccomp nsubj
use<-case
executive<-amod
look<-cop nmod nsubj
computer<-case
decline<-det
fund<-case det amod
price<-case compound amod
add<-dobj nmod nsubj
live<-nmod nsubj
pursue<-dobj mark
capital<-amod
system<-det
offer<-det compound
LIN<-case
venture<-det amod
revenue<-compound
promise<-xcomp nsubj
advance<-dobj nsubj
do<-dobj nmod nsubj
member<-nmod
say<-dep dobj
Average<-case det compound
get<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
see<-advcl mark
bad<-advmod
thousand<-case nmod
look<-xcomp nsubj
consider<-xcomp
be<-dep ccomp
issue<-det nmod
take<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
capital<-case amod
late<-nmod
plenty<-nmod
vote<-case det nmod
)<-xcomp nsubj
Greenspan<-compound
determine<-ccomp mark
Dec.<-case nummod
be<-nsubj dobj ccomp mark
require<-dobj nsubj
1970<-case det
stake<-det nmod
carrier<-case det
think<-advmod ccomp nsubj
industry<-det amod
risk<-det
nation<-det
middle<-case det nmod
require<-xcomp aux dobj nsubj
term<-case det amod
so<-mwe
Wednesday<-case
popular<-advmod
rate<-det amod
risk<-det nmod
accept<-dobj nmod mark
midst<-case det nmod
bid<-det nmod amod
Hill<-case compound
buy<-dobj nsubj
line<-nmod:poss compound
producer<-det
estimate<-dobj nmod nsubj
approval<-compound
line<-compound
now<-nmod:npmod
lead<-aux nmod nsubj
continue<-xcomp nmod nsubj
program<-case det compound
stake<-det compound
venture<-amod
have<-aux advmod ccomp nsubj
result<-det amod
maturity<-case nmod
Health<-case
business<-det amod
ahead<-nmod
price<-case det nmod amod
90<-advmod
deal<-det nmod amod
policy<-case amod
Americans<-case
employee<-case amod
allege<-ccomp nsubj
)<-nummod
represent<-dobj nmod nsubj
charge<-det amod
provision<-case det nmod
Inc.<-appos compound
operator<-amod
way<-acl:relcl det
guy<-det
buy<-nmod nsubj
rape<-case cc conj
close<-nmod nsubj
bill<-case compound amod
have<-advmod nmod dobj
continue<-dobj nmod mark
Trump<-compound
know<-advmod ccomp nsubj
have<-aux ccomp nmod nsubj
program<-amod
say<-nsubj dobj ccomp
return<-det amod
Italy<-case
willing<-xcomp cop
profit<-compound
include<-ccomp
airline<-det
introduce<-nmod
take<-aux dobj nsubj
drop<-nmod dobj
Achenbaum<-compound
law<-compound
possible<-advmod
do<-advcl nsubj mark
broker<-case
type<-case nmod amod
rate<-case compound det amod
activity<-compound
move<-nmod
Treasury<-det
get<-ccomp mark
go<-xcomp aux advmod neg nsubj
even<-nmod
get<-ccomp nsubj
rise<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
violate<-nsubj dobj mark
University<-case compound
consider<-dobj nsubj
member<-nmod amod
Aeroflot<-case
make<-aux dobj neg nsubj
appear<-xcomp nsubj mark
say<-aux ccomp neg nsubj
term<-case amod
wear<-dobj
contrast<-case
acquire<-dobj
convert<-dobj nmod mark
come<-nmod mark
problem<-det amod
net<-dep
(<-ccomp nsubj
point<-cc nummod conj
have<-nsubj advmod ccomp mark
gain<-case amod
share<-xcomp nsubj
sell<-mark
jury<-det
lawyer<-det compound
1989<-case amod
force<-xcomp aux dobj nsubj
case<-det amod
favor<-case nmod
dividend<-amod
rise<-nsubj nmod mark
ago<-case nmod:npmod
report<-advmod dobj nsubj
Act<-case det compound
bond<-case compound amod
effort<-amod
offer<-case det
House<-case det
bank<-case compound
paper<-case
do<-nsubj mark
stake<-case det nmod amod
market<-case dep det
state<-case compound
session<-det
product<-nmod:poss amod
city<-case det amod
consider<-advmod dobj
investment<-amod
TV<-case compound
not<-cc
make<-aux nsubj dobj mark
program<-case amod
market<-case det nmod compound
rule<-amod
allow<-xcomp
series<-case det nmod
possibility<-det nmod
be<-advcl nsubj
economic<-cc conj
use<-aux cop nmod nsubj
Co.<-case cc conj compound
be<-dep
fact<-dep det
80<-advmod
cause<-dobj nsubj
Board<-det compound
agreement<-det amod
poll<-case det
own<-case nmod:poss
interest<-det nmod amod
return<-amod
policy<-det amod
rate<-case det amod
know<-ccomp
program<-compound det amod
restriction<-compound
say<-dobj nmod nsubj
McDuffie<-compound
Co.<-cc conj compound
less<-nmod:npmod
have<-aux nsubj dobj advcl mark
yen<-case nummod acl
month<-advmod amod
think<-nmod mark
become<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
asset<-det
type<-case det nmod
condition<-case amod
service<-det
expect<-nsubj mark
reduce<-dobj nmod nsubj
trade<-nmod
week<-det amod
start<-xcomp
experiment<-det
stock<-dep det
maker<-det nmod
company<-nmod
work<-compound amod
200<-advmod
Co.<-case det compound
Afghanistan<-case
resistance<-det
March<-case nummod
provision<-amod
willing<-xcomp cop nsubj
gain<-det amod
wrong<-nmod
quote<-cop advmod nmod
give<-dobj mark
board<-case nmod:poss
do<-nsubj nmod mark
35<-advmod
cost<-case amod
Airways<-compound
add<-nmod dobj
move<-det amod
complaint<-case
par<-case
move<-nmod mark
portion<-det nmod amod
thanks<-nmod
cite<-dobj nsubj
process<-det
do<-advmod ccomp nsubj
decline<-nmod nsubj
value<-compound
Industries<-compound
Journal<-case det compound
prevent<-dobj mark
Bank<-case compound
grow<-dobj nmod nsubj
eight<-case
age<-case nummod
stabilize<-dobj mark
rumor<-case
day<-case det nmod
office<-case nmod:poss
ten<-nmod
charge<-det
Mixte<-case compound
improve<-dobj nmod mark
finish<-advmod nmod nsubj
case<-case det nmod
do<-advmod nmod mark
own<-ccomp nsubj
short<-nmod
Hampshire<-case compound
magazine<-det
none<-nmod
Housing<-cc conj
number<-case det nmod amod
Antar<-case compound
find<-ccomp
leave<-nmod dobj
proposal<-nmod:poss
more<-case
goods<-case amod
be<-cc ccomp nsubj
buy<-advmod dobj nsubj
more<-det
time<-case nummod
price<-case compound det amod
Thatcher<-case compound
way<-case amod
seem<-nsubj
meeting<-det
post<-dobj mark
be<-ccomp mark
powerful<-advmod
B.A.T<-case
decision<-det compound
chapter<-case nummod nmod
1995<-case
available<-nmod nsubj
5<-advmod
require<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
fire<-case
now<-dep
get<-nsubj dobj mark
quake<-det
include<-nsubj dobj ccomp
intend<-xcomp nsubj mark
tax<-case amod
Switzerland<-case
group<-case det compound
worker<-compound
facility<-case det
help<-aux ccomp nsubj
involve<-nmod nsubj
slip<-dobj nmod nsubj
decade<-det
buyer<-amod
result<-dep det
pay<-dobj nmod nsubj
order<-case amod
include<-nsubj ccomp
subsidiary<-det nmod
outcome<-det nmod
security<-case compound
president<-compound nmod amod
proposal<-case det
firm<-det amod
type<-det nmod
Johnson<-compound
provide<-nmod dobj
remain<-xcomp mark
lack<-det nmod
do<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
beginning<-case det nmod
sort<-case det nmod
creditor<-case
use<-nmod amod
order<-case nmod
maintain<-dobj mark
increase<-det compound
Pilson<-compound
board<-nmod:poss
price<-case nmod
have<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
lose<-dobj mark
set<-nmod
market<-dep det compound
wait<-nmod
call<-dobj
handle<-dobj mark
expect<-xcomp nsubj mark
member<-amod
advance<-dobj nmod nsubj
then<-case
protection<-case compound
reform<-case
Court<-case nmod compound
operation<-nmod
dozen<-advmod
have<-advmod ccomp
time<-case amod
company<-dep
Peterson<-compound
work<-cop nmod
)<-det compound
)<-compound amod
half-hour<-det
consider<-dobj iobj nsubj
rate<-amod
anything<-acl:relcl
budget<-case det
control<-dobj nsubj
hearing<-det
production<-case
generate<-dobj nsubj
offer<-xcomp nsubj
serious<-advmod
Baker<-case compound
sale<-compound amod
include<-xcomp nsubj
next<-nmod
issue<-compound
Contras<-case det
fight<-case det nmod
1974<-case
Calif.<-case compound
planner<-case
fee<-det
index<-det
Rey<-compound
be<-neg advmod nsubj
continue<-nmod nsubj
country<-det amod
run<-advmod nmod
make<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
face<-case det nmod
market<-nmod:poss
protect<-dobj mark
cent<-dep nummod nmod
1971<-case
refuse<-xcomp
management<-amod
save<-dobj mark
close<-dobj nmod mark
management<-compound
company<-dep amod
rise<-advcl dobj nsubj
manager<-amod
Kemp<-compound
trade<-advmod nmod nsubj
six<-case
food<-cc conj
maker<-case compound
basis<-case det nmod
nothing<-case
official<-compound amod
chance<-det nmod
model<-case det compound
include<-dep nmod dobj
itself<-case
settlement<-det
support<-case
datum<-det
predict<-ccomp
consumer<-det
spend<-dobj mark
face<-dobj nsubj
stock<-acl:relcl
believe<-advmod ccomp nsubj
letter<-case det
Europe<-case compound
official<-amod
deal<-nmod mark
watch<-dobj
meeting<-case det
location<-case
volatility<-case
account<-det
rid<-nmod
get<-ccomp
lot<-cop advmod det nmod
10<-dep compound
rule<-case det
say<-xcomp nsubj
college<-case
stock<-case nmod
consumer<-amod
dividend<-det amod
general<-case
issue<-det compound
make<-nsubj ccomp mark
bond<-det amod
raise<-dobj nmod nsubj
ANC<-det
contract<-amod
find<-dobj nmod nsubj
want<-xcomp
labor<-case
rate<-det
problem<-nmod:poss
comparable<-cop advmod neg
price<-case det compound
be<-dep advcl
cent<-case dep nummod advmod
decide<-ccomp
McDonald<-case
hard<-xcomp cop
Honecker<-compound
party<-case det amod
return<-det nmod amod
Icahn<-compound
project<-case amod
report<-ccomp nmod nsubj
driver<-compound
here<-case
begin<-advmod nsubj
week<-case
efficient<-advmod
day<-det nmod
carry<-compound:prt dobj mark
business<-case compound det amod
half<-nmod
Time<-case
$<-case nummod det amod
contract<-case amod
invest<-nmod mark
involve<-dobj
remain<-xcomp nsubj mark
visible<-advmod
hurt<-nmod
economist<-amod
50<-case
have<-xcomp aux nsubj advcl
character<-det
play<-nsubj dobj mark
estimate<-cop advmod nmod
have<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
account<-amod
only<-dep
level<-case compound
firm<-case amod
International<-case compound
Bork<-compound
statement<-det
lower<-nmod
third<-det nmod
bring<-dobj nmod mark
)<-case det compound
defend<-dobj mark
sure<-cop ccomp neg nsubj
penny<-case nummod
consumer<-case
include<-aux dobj nsubj
Lynch<-case compound
problem<-amod
know<-nsubj nmod mark
way<-det nmod
take<-nmod nsubj
wage<-det amod
family<-dep
transaction<-acl:relcl det
interest<-case compound
child<-case
show<-det
change<-det amod
exist<-dobj nsubj
election<-case det
problem<-case
small<-advmod
money<-nmod
gain<-nmod
take<-compound:prt dobj mark
rally<-case det
group<-det nmod amod
thing<-dep
line<-dep det amod
black<-case
indicate<-dobj nsubj
buy<-mark
gap<-det
average<-det nmod
%<-cc nummod conj nmod
Berry<-compound
greater<-advmod
percentage<-det nmod
authority<-compound
call<-xcomp
country<-case acl:relcl det
offer<-dobj
begin<-xcomp nmod nsubj
customer<-amod
Cowboys<-det
rise<-aux nmod nsubj
office<-case det nmod
guarantee<-amod
put<-nmod dobj
Philadelphia<-case
Corp.<-nmod compound
lend<-ccomp
to<-cc conj
member<-det compound
disobedience<-case amod
bring<-dobj nmod nsubj
U.S.<-cc conj
1991<-case
rise<-nmod
Guber<-compound
1980<-case det
environment<-case det
go<-xcomp aux nsubj
become<-xcomp nsubj mark
another<-case
fund<-case nmod compound
company<-case nummod det
loss<-nmod:poss
charge<-det nmod amod
government<-dep det
Inc<-case compound
earn<-dobj nsubj
Gandhi<-case compound
%<-nummod det nmod amod
stake<-det amod
tell<-dobj ccomp nmod nsubj
plan<-xcomp aux nsubj
Kidder<-case
president<-nmod:poss
fall<-advcl dobj nsubj
show<-case det
so<-advmod
one<-amod
likely<-xcomp cop nsubj advcl
familiar<-nmod
Korea<-case cc conj compound
development<-nmod
focus<-nmod nsubj
mean<-xcomp nsubj
effort<-det acl
estimate<-nummod det
margin<-compound
week<-nummod advmod
buyer<-det
percentage<-det nmod amod
pay<-iobj dobj
standard<-amod
Feb.<-nummod
carrier<-det
analyst<-amod
product<-compound
Thursday<-amod
one<-neg advmod
plant<-det compound
life<-nmod:poss
rise<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
customer<-dep
buy<-compound:prt dobj mark
executive<-det compound
own<-nsubj
change<-case det nmod
dollar<-dep det
say<-cc conj ccomp nsubj
price<-nmod amod
spread<-case det nmod
share<-dep det
try<-case
TV<-compound
decline<-dobj nmod nsubj
finance<-dobj mark
want<-advcl dobj nsubj
call<-nmod
comply<-nmod mark
area<-case det amod
worker<-amod
ability<-det acl
$<-case nummod appos
network<-case det
play<-dobj nmod mark
one<-advmod nmod
offering<-case det
liability<-case
Boston<-case
settle<-nmod
statement<-det amod
level<-case det nmod amod
R.<-appos compound
government<-case det acl
employee<-amod
rise<-det nmod amod
event<-case det nmod
surge<-nmod
get<-xcomp nsubj
spokesman<-det
win<-nsubj dobj mark
process<-case det compound
Malaysia<-case
individual<-case
let<-ccomp nsubj
return<-nmod amod
people<-compound
hold<-dobj
manager<-nmod
team<-det amod
insurance<-case
franc<-dep
line<-det compound
bankruptcy<-case
agreement<-case det amod
group<-compound amod
$<-case nummod acl:relcl det
PaineWebber<-case
take<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
North<-case compound
indication<-dep det compound
USX<-case
growth<-compound amod
four<-advmod
unchanged<-cop nmod
share<-case nummod nmod
end<-case nummod det nmod compound
offer<-advmod dobj nsubj
(<-compound
business<-det compound
Inc.<-dep compound
discipline<-amod
look<-xcomp nmod nsubj
not<-nmod:npmod
join<-dobj mark
post<-dobj
cost<-case compound
end<-compound det nmod amod
benefit<-amod
business<-case compound
earnings<-case nmod:poss amod
turn<-nmod dobj
minute<-case det amod
job<-det
billion<-advmod compound
three<-nmod:npmod
Dozen<-compound
appear<-nmod nsubj
large<-advmod
buy<-nsubj dobj mark
view<-det nmod amod
prison<-case
work<-det
need<-xcomp nsubj mark
lose<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
cause<-aux dobj nsubj
Steel<-compound
name<-det nmod
people<-case acl:relcl det
anyone<-case
buy<-advmod dobj
index<-nmod:poss amod
change<-det nmod amod
oil<-case
right<-det
plant<-case amod
10<-case
credit<-amod
building<-det
describe<-dobj nmod nsubj
this<-det:predet
door<-det
come<-compound:prt nmod mark
average<-det
record<-case
more<-dep
March<-amod
benefit<-det
join<-advmod dobj nsubj
likely<-xcomp
control<-case nmod
do<-nmod dobj
spend<-dobj
employer<-det
they<-advmod
billion<-case compound
offer<-dobj nmod mark
close<-advmod nmod
ago<-advmod
condition<-compound
and<-ccomp
)<-nummod compound
majority<-det nmod amod
future<-case
P&G<-case
choice<-det nmod
Association<-det compound
newspaper<-case det
call<-xcomp nmod nsubj
about<-advmod
movement<-det amod
Earth<-case det
put<-compound:prt dobj mark
produce<-dobj
project<-amod
talk<-case
unit<-det amod
become<-xcomp nmod mark
operation<-case nmod:poss amod
risk<-case det nmod
Corp<-case compound
give<-advmod dobj
begin<-xcomp mark
difficult<-xcomp cop
comment<-nmod mark
report<-dep det compound
press<-case det
ad<-compound
Development<-case compound
cause<-dobj
group<-compound
cut<-det
business<-nmod
investor<-dep amod
leave<-xcomp nsubj
refuse<-xcomp nsubj mark
life<-case amod
far<-advmod advcl
be<-nsubj dobj
know<-dobj nsubj
japanese<-dep dobj
give<-dobj nmod nsubj
need<-det nmod
force<-amod
agreement<-case det
fall<-amod
Friday<-case amod
allow<-dobj mark
Pemex<-case
exploration<-cc conj
Association<-case det compound
IMF<-case det
maker<-case compound amod
fall<-nmod
risk<-case amod
begin<-nmod nsubj
do<-aux dobj neg nsubj
program<-case nmod:poss compound
raise<-advcl dobj mark
bond<-dep det amod
smaller<-advmod
side<-case det amod
much<-dep advmod
Carson<-compound
contain<-ccomp nsubj
or<-advmod
Jan.<-nummod
appear<-xcomp nmod nsubj
Arabs<-det
go<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
gas<-det
$<-case nummod det nmod amod
house<-amod
obtain<-dobj mark
price<-cop nmod
environment<-det
number<-det compound
war<-case det compound
1970<-case
when<-advmod
production<-compound
fact<-det
pressure<-compound
day<-case
outstanding<-nsubj
asset<-case amod
report<-det amod
jump<-nmod dobj
Dallas<-case
decision<-case nmod:poss acl
comment<-case
bond<-det compound
turn<-compound:prt ccomp nsubj
year<-appos det
remain<-xcomp aux nsubj
increase<-case det nmod
pay<-nsubj dobj mark
position<-det nmod
Frankfurt<-case
off<-nmod:npmod nmod
vary<-advmod nmod nsubj
black<-cc conj
party<-case amod
most<-case
equity<-case
Colgate<-case
firm<-case compound
latest<-case dep det
book<-case det
rise<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
go<-advcl nmod nsubj
attempt<-case nmod:poss acl
Data<-compound
town<-case
elderly<-case det
Bank<-case nmod compound
do<-xcomp aux nsubj
call<-nsubj dobj mark
import<-nmod
farmer<-det
total<-dobj nmod nsubj
available<-nmod
try<-xcomp nmod nsubj
start<-nmod nsubj
find<-aux ccomp nsubj
offer<-dobj mark
do<-advmod dobj nsubj
stock<-compound amod
acquire<-nmod dobj
maker<-case det compound
Corp<-compound
talk<-nmod nsubj
schedule<-cop acl
industry<-compound
support<-nmod
money<-det amod
%<-nummod acl:relcl nmod
Rights<-case
$<-nummod det
rule<-det
Earth<-case
service<-case amod
start<-xcomp aux nsubj
Korea<-case compound
Stoltzman<-compound
piece<-case det nmod
remain<-xcomp nmod mark
find<-dobj
fear<-case
use<-xcomp aux nsubj
ABC<-case
know<-nmod nsubj
Iran<-case
have<-xcomp nsubj ccomp mark
1973<-case
sure<-ccomp
interest<-case amod
list<-det nmod
interest<-det amod
run<-advmod nmod nsubj
ability<-case nmod:poss acl
exchange<-det compound
number<-case amod
opposition<-det
increase<-compound
possible<-case
be<-cc conj nsubj expl
force<-xcomp advmod dobj nsubj
competition<-nmod
investment<-case
shore<-compound:prt dobj mark
Corp.<-case acl:relcl compound
Bell<-compound
shareholder<-case amod
board<-case det compound
investment<-det
traffic<-compound
margin<-det nmod
program<-compound amod
come<-nsubj compound:prt mark
profitable<-advmod
announce<-ccomp
price<-cop nmod nsubj
eye<-det
Maynard<-compound
Morgan<-case compound
blame<-dobj nmod nsubj
money<-case amod
house<-case compound
close<-cop nmod
raise<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
magazine<-case det
same<-det
equipment<-amod
charge<-amod
safety<-case
high<-advmod nmod
company<-dep det compound
have<-dep ccomp nsubj
study<-dobj
Roderick<-compound
Estate<-compound
on<-advmod
step<-amod
underwriter<-det
do<-ccomp mark
Sciences<-compound
plant<-det amod
Sinyard<-case compound
happen<-nsubj mark
trade<-nsubj ccomp mark
issue<-case
charge<-nmod
have<-parataxis dobj nsubj
conclude<-ccomp nsubj
asset<-case compound
center<-compound
file<-dobj nmod nsubj
bill<-case compound det amod
Rica<-case compound
go<-aux advmod nsubj
play<-dobj nmod nsubj
month<-case nummod nmod
team<-case det compound
send<-ccomp nsubj
EC<-case det
all<-advmod nmod
grow<-nmod mark
package<-det
sell<-dobj advmod mark
plan<-xcomp advmod nsubj
Shevardnadze<-case compound
loss<-case amod
fail<-xcomp advmod nsubj
buy<-cc conj
possible<-dep
corporation<-case amod
faster<-advmod
mart<-compound
look<-cop nmod
more<-cop ccomp nsubj
base<-aux nmod nsubj
car<-case
find<-advmod dobj nsubj
standard<-case amod
issue<-nmod compound
name<-aux dobj nsubj
reality<-case
do<-xcomp nsubj
business<-case cc conj
become<-xcomp mark
have<-dobj advmod nsubj
employee<-nmod
nothing<-nmod
cd<-case amod
audience<-det
end<-case det nmod amod
15<-case
production<-case compound
computer<-case det
case<-amod
look<-xcomp
afford<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
away<-advmod
earth<-case
Australia<-compound
magazine<-compound
ton<-case nummod
promote<-dobj mark
launch<-dobj mark
increase<-case compound
Community<-case det compound
sell<-ccomp
price<-det nmod compound
buy<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
response<-case nmod
profit<-nmod compound
reform<-case amod
agreement<-det nmod
look<-det
situation<-case det
team<-compound det amod
trouble<-case
growth<-case
$<-dep nummod nmod compound
firm<-det nmod compound
firm<-case det nmod compound
Krenz<-case compound
cancer<-case
drug<-det
accord<-dep
interest<-det
boost<-dobj nmod mark
prove<-xcomp
(<-nmod
magazine<-case
make<-cc conj dobj nsubj
indicate<-ccomp
venture<-case amod
loan<-case nmod amod
Roberts<-compound
datum<-amod
wall<-det nmod
car<-cc conj
run<-case det amod
spend<-xcomp
proceeds<-case det
consultant<-det
cover<-dobj mark
failure<-case det nmod
level<-case det nmod
position<-case det nmod amod
lot<-nmod
stake<-nmod:poss
computer<-nmod:poss
problem<-case amod
range<-case det nmod
bulk<-det nmod
rally<-det
student<-det
lawyer<-nmod:poss
Office<-case det nmod
economy<-case det compound
close<-case det nmod
vote<-det nmod
thrift<-det
ABC<-cc conj
system<-case amod
resident<-case
Giants<-det
result<-appos det
30<-case
way<-case det acl
market<-case cc conj det compound
Exxon<-case
deny<-dobj nsubj
billion<-nmod
property<-case
market<-case nmod:poss
lose<-nmod nsubj
other<-advmod
earlier<-nmod
Alan<-compound
four<-nmod
McCaw<-case
take<-nsubj dobj mark
list<-case det nmod
positive<-advmod
expectation<-case
say<-xcomp aux nsubj
country<-amod
threat<-det nmod
ton<-case nummod nmod
leave<-dobj nsubj
figure<-det amod
get<-aux dobj
concern<-case det compound
person<-det
Lang<-compound
Commission<-det compound
watch<-dobj mark
less<-advmod
Byrd<-case compound
executive<-case det amod
bill<-amod
go<-dobj
focus<-det nmod
corporation<-case
game<-det
Columbia<-case
company<-nummod det
deposit<-case
compete<-nmod nsubj
truth<-det
challenge<-det nmod amod
announce<-advmod
offer<-case
protection<-amod
interest<-case det amod
debt<-nmod:poss
take<-nmod mark
activity<-amod
$<-cc nummod advmod conj nmod
introduce<-dobj
year<-case det nmod
gene<-case det
York<-case cc conj compound
Laff<-compound
year<-det ccomp
Ltd.<-case appos compound
surprise<-case
firm<-compound amod
election<-amod
report<-case
share<-case
study<-case det
transaction<-case det
pit<-case det
society<-case
vote<-xcomp nsubj
floor<-case det
life<-case det nmod
Bank<-nmod
business<-case nmod:poss
complain<-ccomp nsubj
get<-compound:prt nmod mark
be<-cc conj advmod ccomp nsubj
say<-xcomp nsubj mark
Corp.<-acl:relcl compound
allow<-dobj nmod mark
issue<-nmod amod
believe<-ccomp mark
house<-compound det amod
account<-advmod nmod nsubj
animal<-case
ad<-amod
Health<-cc conj
piece<-det nmod
quality<-case
join<-dobj
Straszheim<-compound
issue<-case det nmod compound
find<-dobj nmod mark
own<-cc conj nsubj dobj mark
March<-nummod amod
cover<-dobj
benefit<-nmod
Brady<-compound
approach<-det amod
interested<-cop advcl
go<-advmod nmod mark
order<-det nmod
see<-nmod
analyst<-case nummod
work<-case compound
Dinkins<-case compound
produce<-dobj nmod mark
10,000<-dep
audience<-case det
act<-nmod
downturn<-case det amod
truck<-compound
compare<-nmod:tmod nmod
office<-case det
help<-ccomp
socialism<-case
come<-compound:prt mark
keep<-dobj nsubj
face<-nmod nsubj
Workers<-det compound
House<-det nmod
trade<-det nmod compound
turn<-dobj nmod nsubj
Greenspan<-case compound
Japan<-cc conj
be<-nsubj expl nmod mark
agency<-case det amod
Chemical<-compound
operation<-det
prevent<-dobj nmod mark
rate<-nmod compound
's<-case cc conj nmod:poss
people<-det nmod
group<-det amod
term<-amod
foot<-nummod nmod
be<-advmod nmod nsubj
have<-aux ccomp
develop<-dobj nmod mark
Pennsylvania<-case
U.S.<-case appos det
take<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
shareholder<-nmod:poss amod
allow<-xcomp dobj mark
Institute<-case det compound
Norway<-case
be<-nmod nsubj
keep<-nmod dobj
use<-nmod dobj
cost<-dobj iobj nsubj
poll<-det
circumstance<-case amod
department<-det
customer<-det
even<-dep
Brothers<-case compound
asset<-amod
Party<-case det compound
Fund<-case det compound
say<-nmod nsubj
use<-ccomp
buy<-dobj advmod mark
complex<-advmod
silver<-case
year<-case det compound
drop<-case det nmod
troubled<-advmod
stake<-compound det amod
%<-case dep nummod nmod
take<-xcomp aux nsubj
see<-aux dobj nmod neg nsubj
Communications<-compound
party<-det
economist<-det
support<-dobj nsubj
want<-ccomp nsubj
rights<-case
report<-case det compound
October<-dep
edition<-case nmod:poss
become<-xcomp auxpass
1990<-case amod
return<-det
Levine<-compound
see<-aux nsubj dobj mark
have<-aux nsubj ccomp advcl
U.S.<-case
law<-case det amod
York<-advmod compound
agree<-ccomp nsubj
Service<-case det compound
report<-case det
level<-case det
climb<-dobj nsubj
newspaper<-det
insurer<-det
Telephone<-cc conj compound
individual<-case cc conj
business<-case nmod:poss amod
interest<-nmod:poss
rights<-amod
court<-case nmod amod
cd<-case nmod amod
spending<-case compound
Engelken<-compound
file<-nmod
interest<-case
revive<-dobj mark
investment<-case det
equipment<-compound amod
turn<-nmod nsubj
idea<-dep det
company<-acl:relcl det
economist<-case
45<-advmod
committee<-case det compound
division<-det nmod
say<-mark
support<-amod
business<-case nmod:poss compound
stand<-aux nmod nsubj
Bridge<-det compound
machine<-amod
suppose<-xcomp cop
begin<-xcomp aux
firm<-case det amod
lawyer<-compound
store<-nmod
lack<-case nmod
place<-det
manager<-det compound
suit<-case det
treatment<-amod
receive<-dobj nmod mark
%<-dep advmod compound
Israel<-case
return<-case compound
hacker<-det
material<-case amod
work<-det compound
lead<-dobj mark
product<-case det
predict<-dobj nmod nsubj
begin<-dobj
by<-cc conj
currency<-det
so<-nmod:npmod
talk<-cop nmod
back<-case det nmod
firm<-case det compound
loyalty<-compound
seek<-dobj nmod nsubj
fast<-advmod
go<-mark
exceed<-dobj nsubj
aftermath<-case det nmod
market<-case det nmod amod
Co.<-case nmod compound
standard<-det compound
court<-det compound
announcement<-case nmod:poss
bill<-compound det amod
deficit<-compound det amod
%<-cop nummod
kill<-dobj mark
there<-cc dep
cost<-det nmod amod
profit<-det
debt<-case compound
Fernandez<-compound
economy<-case det amod
rule<-case amod
page<-nummod
own<-aux dobj neg nsubj
decide<-xcomp advmod nsubj
plunge<-det nmod amod
law<-det nmod
depend<-nmod
%<-case dep nmod compound
buy<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
April<-nummod
debt<-compound amod
diamond<-det
open<-advmod nmod nsubj
play<-dobj mark
defend<-nmod dobj
amount<-nmod amod
thing<-det nmod
start<-xcomp nsubj
council<-case det
president<-det compound
Democrat<-det compound
plan<-nmod:poss
fee<-amod
pick<-compound:prt dobj mark
they<-cc conj
get<-xcomp dobj mark
victim<-case compound
equivalent<-nmod
suggest<-ccomp
decide<-xcomp nsubj mark
candidate<-amod
oil<-cc conj
agreement<-det
share<-case det nmod
decline<-advmod nmod nsubj
unable<-xcomp cop
share<-case nmod
design<-case
earthquake<-det compound
1,000<-case dep det nmod
note<-case amod
Glass<-compound
%<-case nummod nmod:tmod
earnings<-case nmod amod
loss<-case compound
PS<-nmod
Congress<-nmod
start<-xcomp aux
country<-case
future<-det
Chan<-compound
difference<-det
proposal<-case det amod
Kabul<-case
announcement<-nmod:poss
rest<-dep det
condition<-det amod
Saturday<-case
stake<-amod
need<-nsubj dobj mark
thing<-case nummod
efficiently<-advmod
identify<-dobj mark
give<-compound:prt dobj mark
sell<-ccomp nsubj
decide<-dobj mark
asset<-case nmod
increase<-case compound amod
use<-nmod
estimate<-nmod:poss
issue<-case det nmod
Index<-det nmod compound
move<-acl:relcl det
increase<-nmod amod
scandal<-case det compound
agreement<-det compound
estimate<-case det
October<-amod
value<-amod
$<-dep nummod nmod
car<-case nummod
Group<-case nmod compound
Turkey<-case
find<-ccomp mark
machinist<-det
economy<-dep det
avoid<-xcomp mark
Harvard<-case
morning<-case det
reduce<-nmod dobj
publish<-dobj mark
create<-dobj nmod mark
belief<-det
value<-case det nmod
hospital<-case det
cash<-cc conj
regardless<-nmod
come<-nmod compound:prt
level<-case amod
only<-nmod
man<-nummod
Bridge<-case det compound
wall<-case det
2000<-case
make<-nmod compound:prt
computer<-det amod
president<-cop nmod compound
attribute<-dobj nmod nsubj
buy<-dobj nmod nsubj
write<-dobj nsubj
take<-dobj advmod mark
buy<-advcl dobj
model<-det amod
issue<-case compound amod
produce<-ccomp nsubj
position<-nmod:poss
manage<-xcomp aux nsubj
destroy<-dobj nsubj
issue<-nmod
spend<-ccomp nsubj
CIA<-det
long<-advmod advcl
$<-nummod det nmod amod
record<-case det
Manhattan<-case
rate<-case compound det nmod amod
all<-case acl:relcl
do<-nmod nsubj
eliminate<-dobj mark
result<-nmod:poss amod
enter<-dobj mark
1977<-case
find<-xcomp
acquisition<-case
state<-case amod
Representatives<-case
lack<-dobj nsubj
investor<-det amod
giant<-det compound
Bogart<-compound
estate<-case amod
subject<-case det nmod
3<-advmod
tell<-ccomp nsubj dobj mark
bank<-cc conj
ease<-dobj mark
stock<-case amod compound
Germany<-case
man<-det
1997<-case
have<-advmod dobj
seek<-dobj mark
activity<-case compound
Moon<-compound
as<-dep
gain<-dobj nmod mark
run<-aux nmod nsubj
point<-det nmod amod
claim<-case
come<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
Code<-case det compound
raise<-dobj nsubj
system<-det nmod amod
confident<-cop ccomp
instead<-cc
gene<-det compound
country<-det nmod
Lynch<-case cc conj compound
Barcalounger<-case cc conj det
analyst<-dep det
much<-advmod nmod
settlement<-det nmod
have<-neg dobj nsubj
product<-case cc conj compound
change<-nmod amod
tell<-dobj
be<-dep ccomp nsubj
interest<-det nmod
country<-case dep det
slip<-dobj nsubj
open<-dobj compound:prt
dozen<-nmod
boost<-dobj nsubj
produce<-dobj nmod nsubj
customer<-case
Tiger<-case
say<-dep dobj nsubj
period<-case det nmod amod
alliance<-det
back<-cc conj
ensure<-dobj mark
machine<-det amod
decline<-nmod
turn<-nmod
whom<-dep case
Texas<-case cc conj
refining<-cc conj
Rouge<-det compound
worry<-ccomp nsubj
agree<-nmod nsubj
Reagan<-compound
system<-compound nmod:poss amod
performance<-case
buyer<-compound amod
buy<-aux dobj nsubj
whole<-case det
loan<-case
loss<-compound amod
be<-nsubj ccomp advmod mark
day<-case det nmod amod
have<-dep nsubj dobj
plan<-case det amod
point<-nummod nmod:poss
fall<-ccomp nmod nsubj
be<-aux
matter<-case det
sector<-case det amod
put<-auxpass nmod
anybody<-case
down<-advmod
be<-dep advmod ccomp
likely<-xcomp cop advmod nsubj
sell<-aux nmod
problem<-nmod
growth<-case amod
suppose<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass
D.T.<-case
car<-case nmod:poss
bunch<-det nmod
be<-xcomp advmod nsubj
Pittsburgh<-case
one<-acl:relcl
{<-ccomp nsubj
step<-det nmod amod
Polaroid<-case
$<-case dep nummod advmod compound
shape<-case compound
develop<-dobj
woman<-det amod
tell<-xcomp dobj
chain<-det compound
$<-nummod nmod amod
industry<-dep det
ceiling<-case det
want<-aux dobj neg nsubj
find<-ccomp nmod nsubj
be<-dep expl
place<-case amod
HBO<-case
growth<-compound
try<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
office<-nmod
field<-case det
see<-aux dobj nsubj
buy-out<-case amod
program<-case det amod
delivery<-case
discuss<-dobj mark
public<-case det
aim<-cop nmod nsubj
Warner<-compound
work<-aux neg nsubj
stock<-case nmod:poss
President<-det
range<-nmod
basis<-det nmod
long<-xcomp advmod
bring<-dobj nsubj
drop<-case det nmod amod
payment<-case
service<-case compound
place<-case nmod
trial<-case det amod
%<-case cc nummod conj
damage<-case
Manville<-case
several<-nmod
contract<-compound
chain<-det
place<-case det amod
election<-case amod
Filipino<-case
those<-case
be<-nsubj mark
everyone<-dep
soar<-nmod nsubj
fund<-case det compound
favor<-dobj nsubj
gain<-dobj
)<-case compound amod
subject<-cop nmod
Ministry<-nmod
office<-nmod:poss compound
staffer<-compound
1966<-case
demand<-case amod
recover<-dobj mark
sense<-amod
Contras<-det
carry<-dobj nmod nsubj
help<-xcomp aux
site<-det compound
offer<-nmod
likely<-xcomp cop nsubj mark
prosecutor<-amod
figure<-det nmod
look<-advmod nmod nsubj
practice<-case nmod:poss compound
bolster<-dobj mark
maker<-nmod
sophisticated<-advmod
know<-aux advcl neg nsubj
order<-case compound
charge<-case det amod
portion<-case det nmod amod
develop<-nmod dobj
end<-case dep compound det amod
fly<-nmod nsubj
larger<-advmod
complain<-nmod nsubj
Peabody<-compound
Grenfell<-compound
president<-compound det nmod amod
in<-cc dep
seem<-ccomp nmod nsubj
attempt<-xcomp nsubj
own<-advmod dobj nsubj
abortion<-nmod
cent<-dep case nummod
manager<-case compound
aid<-nmod
report<-amod
estimate<-nmod nsubj
impact<-nmod amod
man<-case det
arbitrage<-amod
incentive<-acl amod
Virginia<-case compound
program<-case det
payment<-amod
push<-nmod mark
feel<-advmod nsubj
Goldman<-case cc conj
payment<-case compound
slightly<-advmod
congressman<-det
need<-case det nmod
attempt<-case det acl
have<-cc advmod ccomp nsubj
do<-dobj advmod mark
rally<-det amod
base<-det nmod
information<-det
System<-case det compound
1/2<-advmod
move<-case nummod
profitability<-case
Lebanon<-case
justify<-dobj mark
have<-advmod nmod nsubj
grow<-nmod nsubj
say<-dep advmod nsubj
go<-compound:prt nmod mark
Evans<-compound
sense<-nmod
$<-dep compound
situation<-det amod
plan<-case
some<-acl:relcl nmod
oversee<-dobj nsubj
odds<-det
often<-nmod:npmod
production<-nmod
Wolf<-compound
interest<-det compound
promise<-det nmod
position<-nmod:poss amod
(<-xcomp
you<-dep
begin<-dobj nsubj
tie<-amod
open<-dep nmod
sign<-case det
division<-nmod:poss compound
have<-xcomp advcl nsubj
hour<-nummod nmod
everyone<-advmod
hearing<-case det
buy<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
know<-nsubj
line<-case det
cooperation<-case
}<-compound det amod
disclose<-dobj mark
credit<-case amod
acquire<-aux nmod mark
street<-case appos det
power<-det
culture<-case
income<-case
Aetna<-case
Congress<-det
air<-case det
%<-dep cop nummod nsubj
priority<-amod
climb<-nmod dobj
Gould<-compound
protect<-dobj nmod mark
project<-case det
version<-case det nmod amod
house<-case det
water<-amod
worst<-det
fall<-nsubj nmod mark
business<-nmod:poss amod
confess<-nmod nsubj
bond<-compound det amod
rate<-nmod
vote<-det amod
floor<-case det amod
Brussels<-case
concern<-nmod
boom<-det
period<-case amod
affect<-aux dobj neg nsubj
require<-aux dobj nsubj
budget<-compound
think<-xcomp nsubj
matter<-case det nmod
bring<-dobj iobj mark
Toronto<-case
fight<-dobj mark
FBI<-case det
sell-off<-case det nmod
feel<-nmod nsubj
stock<-case det amod
turn<-xcomp nsubj
both<-dep
industry<-case acl:relcl det
recession<-det nmod
make<-advcl dobj nsubj
take<-xcomp nsubj
get<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
stake<-compound nmod nsubj
be<-advcl advmod ccomp
mid-1970<-case det
trade<-case amod
acquisition<-case det nmod
attention<-nmod:poss
return<-nmod mark
show<-case compound
job<-case det nmod
use<-advcl dobj mark
direct<-dobj nsubj
average<-case det
talk<-nmod mark
tomorrow<-case
persuade<-xcomp dobj mark
buy<-advmod ccomp nsubj
September<-case amod
see<-dobj
yield<-advcl dobj mark
investor<-dep det
brand<-compound
benefit<-case compound
defend<-dobj nmod mark
Street<-case cc conj compound
supply<-det nmod amod
performance<-det nmod
law<-case compound
court<-case det compound
scientist<-det
1.32<-dep
master<-case amod
better<-dep
not<-case
push<-case
venture<-case det
Provigo<-case
open<-dobj mark
do<-dobj nmod mark
player<-det
accord<-det
executive<-nummod det
II<-case compound
not<-nmod
loss<-case det nmod
acquisition<-det compound
work<-dobj mark
currency<-det amod
dump<-dobj mark
represent<-dobj
start<-dobj mark
make<-aux nmod
close<-case nmod:poss
need<-advmod nsubj
reflect<-nmod dobj
cost<-case
fall<-advmod nsubj
lead<-advcl dobj nsubj
system<-nmod:poss compound
May<-amod
$<-case dep nummod nmod
Yale<-case
environment<-case det amod
yield<-nmod
call<-xcomp compound:prt
oppose<-dobj nsubj
copy<-case det nmod
see<-nmod nsubj
offset<-nmod
downturn<-det amod
seek<-dobj
bring<-nmod nsubj
}<-case compound amod
company<-case cc conj det
1960<-case
report<-nmod
community<-det compound
likely<-xcomp cop nmod nsubj
able<-xcomp cop nsubj
proceeds<-det
air<-case
Interstate<-compound
face<-nmod
be<-cc conj advmod nsubj
win<-dobj mark
provide<-advcl dobj
Technology<-case
lead<-aux nsubj nmod mark
issue<-case det compound
this<-case det:predet
practice<-case
run<-nmod mark
close<-nmod compound
strike<-case
look<-advcl
give<-nmod dobj
Justice<-case
LDP<-det
association<-det
fly<-xcomp mark
office<-case dep nmod:poss
site<-case det compound
point<-det nmod
court<-case det nmod compound
Moon<-case compound
August<-case nummod
profit<-det amod
world<-case det nmod amod
regime<-det
effect<-nmod amod
back<-nmod:npmod nmod
slowdown<-det amod
asset<-compound
bid<-nmod:poss
power<-det nmod
major<-case det
71<-advmod
send<-ccomp
someone<-case
baseball<-case
interest<-nmod:poss nmod
economy<-case det nmod
able<-xcomp cop nsubj neg advcl aux
everybody<-dep
rise<-ccomp nsubj
start<-xcomp nsubj mark
prefer<-xcomp nsubj
cut<-aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod
spending<-compound
problem<-nmod:poss amod
vote<-case det compound
aside<-nmod
second<-det
account<-case compound amod
two<-case det amod
colony<-det
add<-dobj mark
find<-nsubj ccomp advcl
start<-dobj nmod nsubj
dramatic<-advmod
battle<-case amod
game<-case det
improve<-dobj nsubj
account<-case nmod:poss amod
veto<-det
October<-nummod
stock<-case cc conj
report<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
increase<-xcomp mark
Power<-compound
just<-advmod
's<-cc ccomp nsubj
require<-dobj nmod nsubj
vote<-case det nmod amod
stock<-det nmod
yesterday<-compound
drop<-det
find<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
attend<-dobj nsubj
airport<-case det
airline<-amod
cost<-dobj mark
pay<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
be<-neg nsubj expl
mean<-advmod ccomp nsubj
revenue<-case amod
think<-cc conj ccomp nsubj
Pont<-compound
Class<-dep compound
Containers<-compound
law<-amod
advance<-case
Oct.<-case cc nummod conj
introduce<-nmod dobj
decide<-ccomp nsubj
system<-dep det compound
drop<-dobj nmod mark
leave<-advmod dobj nsubj
appear<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
say<-parataxis ccomp nsubj
follow<-advcl dobj nsubj
day<-dep det
computer<-cc conj
increase<-case nmod
flat<-cop nmod
director<-case det
post<-dep
attorney<-det nmod
lose<-nsubj nmod mark
ever<-case
FHA<-det
bid<-det compound
Colombia<-case
production<-case nmod amod
open<-nmod
public<-case det amod
quote<-xcomp auxpass advmod
focus<-nmod mark
Renaissance<-case
profit<-case nmod amod
clash<-det nmod
capitalist<-compound
Services<-compound
Medical<-compound
company<-case nmod
House<-case det nmod
agency<-compound
Airlines<-compound
have<-dobj nmod advmod nsubj
raise<-dobj
raise<-xcomp
company<-nummod
hour<-case nummod
problem<-dep det amod
official<-nummod compound
mainframe<-case
effort<-acl det amod
shah<-case det
agreement<-det nmod amod
Ltd.<-case compound
statement<-case det
charge<-case compound
}<-case det compound
certificate<-compound amod
relationship<-nmod:poss nmod
weekend<-det
effort<-case nmod:poss acl
court<-case amod
structure<-case det nmod amod
return<-case nmod
development<-case det nmod
session<-case det amod
expect<-dobj nmod nsubj
earn<-ccomp nsubj
maybe<-dep nsubj
Bank<-case det compound
plan<-case nmod:poss
charter<-det
couple<-det nmod
likely<-xcomp cop conj cc nsubj
recommend<-ccomp nsubj
meet<-dobj nmod mark
accept<-dobj
cause<-nmod dobj
purchase<-det
leave<-aux dobj nsubj
here<-nmod:npmod
end<-case compound nmod:poss amod
add<-nmod nsubj
nation<-det amod
get<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
yen<-nummod appos
plant<-case det compound
child<-det
trade<-amod
)<-det amod
room<-compound
lose<-advmod dobj nsubj
eager<-xcomp cop
renewal<-case
force<-xcomp nsubj
giant<-case det compound
process<-case det
strategy<-det compound
RU-486<-case
operation<-case nmod
policy<-nmod:poss
official<-case amod
13<-advmod
debate<-det amod
trade<-dobj nmod mark
Avery<-case
evidence<-det
set<-compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
Pakistan<-case
sit<-nmod nsubj
pattern<-det amod
marketplace<-case det
favor<-aux dobj nsubj
propose<-dobj nsubj
network<-det amod
difficult<-advmod
size<-case det nmod
tell<-ccomp advmod dobj nsubj
Pinkerton<-case
gain<-dep
man<-nummod det
work<-case det
ease<-dep compound
bill<-det nmod
group<-case compound det amod
equipment<-case compound
sideline<-case det
longer<-det
farmer<-det nmod
night<-case
commercial<-cc conj
(<-ccomp
own<-cc conj dobj nsubj
committee<-det compound
reason<-det
rate<-case det nmod
have<-cc conj advmod ccomp nsubj
protection<-case nmod
be<-cc aux conj advmod nsubj
manager<-nmod compound
staff<-nmod:poss
home<-case amod
maintain<-dobj nmod mark
hand<-det nmod amod
Institute<-case det nmod compound
hurt<-dobj
opening<-case det nmod
statute<-case det
team<-case det
letter<-nmod
work<-dobj nmod mark
comparison<-case
raise<-nmod dobj
average<-det nmod amod
set<-case det amod
let<-nsubj ccomp mark
provision<-case det
interest<-nmod amod
end<-dobj mark
Oct.<-case nummod nmod
material<-amod
persuade<-xcomp dobj
action<-case amod
fund<-det amod
resident<-case amod
cash<-case cc conj
network<-compound det amod
purchase<-case det nmod
Airport<-case compound
competition<-case
benefit<-aux dobj nsubj
O'Kicki<-compound
make<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
have<-parataxis ccomp nsubj
7<-advmod
take<-aux nsubj dobj mark
price<-cop acl nmod nsubj
price<-case nmod amod
I<-advmod
have<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
cost<-dep dobj
report<-nmod:poss
end<-nmod nsubj
higher<-nmod:npmod nmod
media<-det
tell<-ccomp nsubj
hour<-case det amod
move<-dep det
official<-dep compound
bill<-case compound
consumer<-case amod
ton<-det amod
Administration<-case det compound
chairman<-det
president<-compound amod
$<-cop nsubj cc nummod advmod nmod conj
holder<-case nmod
Tuesday<-amod
support<-case nmod
institution<-case
area<-det
movie<-det
place<-case det
capacity<-nmod:poss compound
140<-advmod
change<-case nmod amod
Brooklyn<-case
work<-mark
television<-case
bid<-nmod:poss nmod
president<-case compound
take<-cc conj dobj
1/4<-advmod
U.S.S.R.<-case det
Citicorp<-case
offer<-compound det amod
Europe<-cc conj
necessary<-mark
add<-nmod
have<-cc dobj nmod nsubj
guilty<-nmod
prefer<-dobj
rights<-case nmod
goods<-case cc conj
cost<-dobj nsubj
impact<-det
plant<-acl:relcl det
purchase<-det nmod
individual<-cc conj
Bush<-dep compound
meeting<-det nmod
play<-advmod nsubj
surge<-dobj nsubj
begin<-nmod
have<-nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
note<-amod
child<-case nmod
fund<-det nmod amod
Campeau<-case
have<-advcl dobj mark
commitment<-compound
35<-case
rule<-det nmod
succeed<-dobj nsubj
BART<-case
tell<-xcomp dobj mark
grow<-mark
growth<-det nmod
no<-nmod:npmod nmod
profit<-case
go<-nmod compound:prt
time<-case compound
part<-det nmod
compete<-advmod nmod mark
system<-case compound amod
deal<-case det compound
different<-advmod
half<-case det amod
problem<-case nmod:poss
difference<-amod
be<-cc advmod ccomp nsubj
need<-det
push<-cop nmod
event<-amod
note<-det amod
financing<-case compound
Motors<-compound
think<-ccomp
can<-nsubj mark
show<-det compound
profit<-det nmod amod
be<-xcomp advmod
satisfy<-dobj mark
customer<-nmod:poss
offer<-dobj nsubj
each<-case nmod
York<-case nmod compound
chairman<-cc conj
profit<-case compound
purchase<-dobj mark
index<-dep det
Hubbard<-case compound
order<-det compound
seem<-xcomp aux nsubj
own<-aux dobj nsubj
have<-xcomp nsubj advcl
month<-nummod det amod
measure<-nmod
a<-case advmod
research<-det amod
serve<-nmod nsubj
discover<-ccomp nsubj
man<-acl:relcl det
action<-nmod:poss
ago<-nmod
%<-case nummod advmod nmod
loan<-case amod compound
liquidity<-case
have<-xcomp aux nsubj advcl mark
stock<-case nmod amod
come<-dobj mark
everybody<-case
Co.<-case appos compound
Fargo<-case compound
sell<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
act<-nmod mark
growth<-nmod
information<-case amod
Council<-det compound
development<-amod
likely<-xcomp cop advmod
man<-case amod
Lortie<-case compound
price<-dep compound
unlikely<-nsubj
Jan.<-case nummod
image<-det nmod
executive<-det
bond<-case compound nmod:poss amod
equal<-nmod
program<-det amod
Mack<-compound
fail<-xcomp nsubj mark
start<-det compound
agency<-case amod
court<-case
analyst<-det compound
rise<-det nmod
do<-nsubj dobj mark
hundred<-case
UAL<-dep
competition<-det
sort<-det nmod
order<-det amod
Wald<-compound
lead<-dobj
tell<-aux ccomp
company<-cc conj
new<-cc conj
history<-case nmod:poss amod
family<-case
property<-compound
loan<-det
post<-case det nmod amod
result<-aux nmod nsubj
brand<-det
heel<-case det nmod
receive<-nmod dobj
trend<-det compound
one<-det nmod
have<-aux nmod nsubj
share<-case nmod:poss amod
mean<-ccomp
little<-nmod
America<-case amod
show<-dobj nmod nsubj
force<-det nmod
occasion<-case
private<-cc conj
read<-aux dobj nsubj
Corp.<-case compound amod
survey<-det
slip<-nmod nsubj
board<-case det nmod
find<-dobj nsubj
cost<-det compound
third<-cc conj
close<-amod det nmod compound
leader<-nmod:poss
bid<-nmod mark
house<-case det amod
just<-neg
outlook<-det nmod
say<-aux advmod ccomp nsubj
loan<-det amod
Wolf<-cc conj compound
attract<-dobj nmod nsubj
earn<-advmod dobj nsubj
government<-compound
help<-dobj
institution<-amod
Allen<-compound
plant<-case det amod
Compaq<-case
connection<-case
sale<-cc conj
best<-case
specialist<-det compound
write<-nmod nsubj
lead<-dobj nsubj
legislation<-case
note<-case nmod:poss amod
approval<-amod
say<-advcl ccomp nsubj
service<-compound amod
measure<-case det compound
question<-case
see<-advmod dobj nsubj
problem<-case det amod
capacity<-case
gain<-case det nmod amod
National<-compound
movie<-case det
conference<-det compound
Toyota<-case
cause<-xcomp dobj nsubj
art<-det nmod
future<-case amod
cut<-case compound amod
unit<-compound
race<-det amod
crash<-det
$<-case dep nummod nmod compound
soon<-advmod advcl
estimate<-nmod
Pacific<-compound
remainder<-det nmod
compare<-nsubj nmod mark
change<-case det
people<-case nmod amod
House<-case cc conj det
put<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
president<-nmod compound
do<-mark
off<-nmod:npmod
problem<-compound
OPEC<-case
seek<-dobj nsubj
mark<-nummod
debt<-case nmod:poss amod
week<-dep amod
Ortega<-case compound
$<-cc cop nummod conj
use<-dep dobj
guarantee<-det
expect<-dobj
estimate<-nummod det nmod
officer<-nmod
those<-dep
firm<-amod
remain<-ccomp nsubj
dealer<-det
dividend<-nmod:poss amod
pay<-aux dobj nsubj
say<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
Constitution<-det
question<-det
phrase<-det
defense<-det
note<-case
away<-nmod:npmod
order<-case det compound
director<-case det amod
decide<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
EPA<-det
PLC<-compound
announce<-dobj nsubj
gasoline<-case
allow<-xcomp advmod dobj nsubj
appliance<-det
June<-amod
use<-case compound
purchase<-case advmod det nmod
meeting<-case det nmod
all<-dep
complete<-nmod
equal<-advmod
come<-xcomp advmod nsubj
sort<-case
merger<-det
force<-aux advcl nsubj
collapse<-case det nmod
make<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
news<-nmod
sale<-dep compound
obstacle<-amod
way<-neg acl
Australia<-case
Maynard<-case compound
make<-nsubj
sell<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
rule<-det amod
business<-case compound nmod:poss amod
announce<-dobj mark
heavy<-advmod
nobody<-dep
effective<-advmod
leave<-nsubj dobj mark
create<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
problem<-nmod amod
audit<-det compound
benefit<-det nmod
policy<-det
ownership<-amod
price<-dep cop nmod
minute<-case nummod
everything<-dep
total<-dep
feature<-dobj nsubj
troops<-amod
case<-case det amod
advantage<-det nmod
1994<-case
Air<-case compound
regime<-det compound
provide<-ccomp mark
news<-case
maintain<-ccomp nsubj
11<-advmod
go<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
buyer<-compound
Bank<-case det
Masson<-compound
add<-nmod mark
like<-aux dobj neg nsubj
hell<-det
friend<-det
country<-case det amod
Ortega<-compound
contract<-case
help<-xcomp nmod nsubj
water<-det
follow<-dobj mark
system<-compound
plan<-compound det amod
soon<-dep advmod
Noriega<-nmod compound
obtain<-dobj nmod mark
%<-dep
make<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
Morris<-case compound
one<-case amod
property<-case compound
work<-dobj compound:prt
prevent<-nmod dobj
provide<-nmod nsubj
four<-case
Jr.<-appos compound
part<-cop nsubj nmod mark
quality<-det nmod
Hugo<-case
Ministry<-det nmod
follow<-dobj nmod nsubj
hold<-nmod
then<-nmod:npmod
development<-case compound
director<-compound
Thomson<-compound
be<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
establish<-dobj mark
Lorin<-compound
earnings<-nmod compound
gold<-compound
stretch<-case det nmod amod
USX<-dep
take<-advmod dobj
say<-nsubj ccomp nmod mark
operation<-case nmod:poss
help<-case det nmod
States<-case det compound
company<-case nmod compound
attorney<-det compound
remove<-xcomp mark
much<-xcomp
line<-nmod:poss amod
name<-aux nmod nsubj
member<-det
Management<-compound
be<-advmod advcl
work<-compound
discuss<-dobj
risk<-amod
rate<-case cc conj compound amod
minute<-case nummod nmod
appropriation<-case amod
start<-xcomp advmod nsubj
position<-case det
urge<-xcomp dobj
average<-case det amod
rise<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
spring<-det
Trelleborg<-case
story<-case det
Financial<-compound
University<-nmod
cash<-case nmod
speak<-advmod nmod nsubj
allegation<-case nmod
fraud<-case
sale<-nmod compound
plan<-nmod:poss compound
take<-dobj compound:prt
Kellogg<-case
ministry<-det
know<-aux dobj neg nsubj
choose<-xcomp nsubj
Hunt<-case compound
1.19<-dep
matter<-case amod
version<-det nmod compound
catch<-compound:prt nmod mark
move<-dobj mark
run<-dobj nsubj
plan<-xcomp nmod nsubj
Asia<-case
she<-advmod
Series<-det compound
Soviets<-dep det
drop<-dobj advmod mark
people<-det compound
law<-det compound
c<-dobj mark
contribute<-dobj nmod nsubj
include<-dep dobj nsubj
loss<-case det amod
lower<-advmod nmod
talk<-case det
bid<-case det nmod amod
dealer<-case compound
gain<-dobj mark
ask<-ccomp
come<-advcl nsubj
deal<-case det nmod
higher<-nmod
conservative<-det
father<-case
trend<-det
coffee<-case
use<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
cell<-amod
goods<-amod
get<-nsubj nmod mark
draw<-dobj nmod nsubj
remain<-xcomp
turn<-dobj mark
Gorky<-case
just<-nmod
IRS<-case det
unable<-xcomp
seem<-cc aux xcomp neg nsubj
market<-case cc conj det amod
no<-dep
feel<-xcomp nsubj mark
decline<-case det
do<-advcl dobj mark
Act<-det compound
man<-dep det
state<-case det nmod amod
base<-compound det nmod amod
say<-nmod dobj
water<-case amod
dilute<-advmod
figure<-compound
%<-dep nmod compound
front<-case det amod
market<-acl:relcl det compound
restructuring<-det
Icahn<-case compound
investment<-nmod
division<-case det nmod compound
rate<-compound nmod amod
Island<-case compound
exchange<-case
plan<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
one-third<-advmod nmod
top<-case nmod
keep<-advcl dobj nmod mark
note<-nummod amod det compound
control<-dobj nmod mark
agreement<-compound
take<-advmod dobj nsubj
weapon<-amod
bond<-dep amod
retain<-aux dobj nsubj
company<-case acl:relcl det amod
agency<-amod
ton<-nummod nmod
bid<-nmod
house<-compound
%<-cc nummod conj nmod amod
continue<-nmod mark
move<-nmod:poss
life<-nmod
authority<-amod
recession<-acl:relcl det
many<-case
issue<-dep compound
demand<-compound
fly<-nmod mark
rights<-case det nmod
they<-dep cc
{<-det nmod compound
AT&T<-case
participate<-nmod nsubj
year<-case appos amod
analyst<-compound
announce<-ccomp nsubj
summer<-case det
Stone<-compound
fashion<-case det amod
office<-compound nmod:poss amod
America<-compound
week<-case nummod
shift<-det
have<-xcomp aux advmod neg nsubj
difficulty<-amod
penny<-nummod acl
school<-case det
term<-det
stick<-advmod nmod nsubj
increase<-ccomp
figure<-det nmod amod
rate<-case compound nmod amod
product<-case nummod det
voter<-nmod
announce<-dobj
value<-case det nmod amod
come<-xcomp nsubj
authority<-compound det amod
time<-nummod amod
de<-dep
most<-dep
price<-nmod compound
International<-compound
key<-det nmod
permission<-case
consider<-xcomp nmod nsubj
Communists<-det
crisis<-det compound
half<-dep advmod
contract<-dep det
year<-case nummod appos
woman<-amod
side<-case nummod det
package<-compound det amod
want<-dobj advmod nsubj
analyst<-nmod
Brown<-compound
issue<-dep det amod
ease<-dobj nmod mark
claim<-compound
report<-dobj
face<-dobj mark
announcement<-det
president<-det nmod
control<-ccomp nsubj
lot<-case det nmod
deal<-nmod
help<-xcomp
West<-det
group<-case det nmod
total<-dep dobj nsubj
suit<-dep det
portfolio<-compound
if<-dep
Seagram<-case
go<-xcomp advmod nsubj
trading<-case nmod
age<-case det nmod
Hugo<-compound
share<-nmod:poss nmod amod
show<-nsubj dobj mark
stock<-case det nmod
see<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
suit<-case det amod
day<-case nummod det amod
take<-xcomp nsubj dobj
fund<-compound amod
neutron<-case
concern<-cop nsubj advmod mark
name<-case det compound
sale<-nummod nmod
Hills<-amod
account<-case det compound
fear<-nmod
Rothschilds<-det
example<-case appos
grow<-nsubj
volatility<-amod
strike<-det
cut<-xcomp nsubj
set<-dobj nmod nsubj
design<-cop acl
regulator<-case compound
Stoll<-compound
come<-advmod nsubj
mention<-ccomp nsubj
attract<-dobj nsubj
seat<-det
provoke<-dobj mark
cost<-det acl
Mixte<-compound
benefit<-nmod mark
receive<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
measure<-amod
economist<-nmod amod
ton<-det
ask<-nmod
have<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
need<-aux dobj neg nsubj
company<-nmod:poss
(<-discourse advmod nsubj
board<-det compound
station<-case det
issue<-det nmod amod
reduce<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
(<-dobj nsubj
vote<-det acl
far<-dep advmod
U.S.S.R.<-det
s<-cc conj
%<-nummod advmod nmod
Agnos<-compound
opponent<-nmod
feel<-nsubj ccomp mark
November<-case nummod
client<-dep
world<-case acl:relcl det
work<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
rise<-nsubj dobj mark
raise<-nmod
reduce<-cc conj dobj mark
way<-det nmod amod
1990s<-case det
Co<-case compound
occur<-nmod nsubj
have<-advmod nsubj
happen<-nsubj
number<-det acl
Ehrlich<-compound
group<-case compound
computer<-case nmod:poss
maker<-dep compound amod
lift<-dobj mark
position<-nmod nsubj
director<-det nmod
paper<-det
run<-auxpass nmod
power<-det acl
plane<-amod
group<-amod
job<-case acl:relcl det
everyone<-neg
facility<-case amod
community<-case det amod
establish<-dobj
five<-case
venture<-case det nmod amod
occasion<-case amod
CenTrust<-case
hold<-dobj nmod nsubj
plan<-dep det
Weisfield<-case
bank<-case det amod
fall<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
stake<-case det compound
version<-nmod amod
shareholder<-case
force<-case compound amod
go<-aux compound:prt nmod nsubj
program<-case compound det amod
dollar<-nummod compound
be<-neg nsubj
generate<-dobj mark
reason<-cop advmod acl neg
room<-case det compound
ability<-nmod:poss acl
bit<-det nmod amod
acquisition<-nmod:poss nmod
contract<-case det compound
measure<-case
interview<-case det
advance<-det nmod amod
{<-ccomp
Americans<-det
follow<-nmod
corporate<-cc conj
use<-cop nmod
people<-acl:relcl det
position<-nmod compound
have<-nsubj advcl ccomp mark
official<-case compound amod
sense<-case det
revenue<-nmod:poss
make<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
spend<-ccomp mark
seriously<-advmod
6<-advmod
debt<-det
computer<-amod
acquisition<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
oppose<-nmod mark
hour<-case det nmod amod
damage<-det amod
alternative<-amod
couple<-case det nmod amod
soon<-advmod nmod
center<-case amod det compound
issue<-compound amod
number<-det nmod compound
buy<-nsubj mark
summer<-amod
1.50<-dep
share<-dobj mark
Street<-case nmod compound
shortage<-case det compound
security<-case compound amod
assistant<-case
fail<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
issue<-case det nmod amod
chapter<-det
be<-nsubj ccomp advcl
famine<-amod
uncertainty<-amod
norm<-nmod
Anderson<-case compound
flow<-det nmod amod
hail<-dep compound
living<-case
exclude<-dobj nsubj
allow<-xcomp advcl
Michigan<-case
face<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj
provide<-aux dobj nsubj
Nekoosa<-case
research<-cc conj
cut<-advcl dobj nmod mark
yesterday<-appos
love<-dobj nsubj
increase<-case nmod compound
service<-case nmod compound
put<-xcomp
suit<-case nmod:poss nmod
everybody<-advmod
week<-case nummod det amod
incline<-xcomp cop neg nsubj
expensive<-advmod
allow<-xcomp nsubj dobj mark
open<-dobj nsubj
competitor<-nummod
attract<-dobj nmod mark
everyone<-nmod
attempt<-cop acl
hour<-case det
weakness<-det
lock<-nmod
be<-cc advmod ccomp
regulator<-case amod
record<-case det nmod
picture<-case det
solve<-dobj mark
Shevardnadze<-compound
reason<-det nmod amod
firm<-nmod
15<-dep compound
look<-cop nsubj nmod mark
use<-nsubj ccomp mark
Iran-Contra<-case advmod
Mitchell<-case compound
love<-case nmod
unit<-case nmod
slide<-compound det nmod amod
resume<-dobj mark
call<-xcomp advmod nsubj
provision<-det amod
Stearns<-compound
fall<-nmod compound
boost<-dobj
become<-xcomp advcl nsubj
foot<-det amod
hold<-ccomp nmod nsubj
use<-xcomp mark
not<-dep mark
investor<-acl:relcl det
place<-neg nmod
speech<-case det
head<-dobj nsubj
way<-case acl:relcl det
file<-case nmod compound
city<-amod
fall<-case det
shift<-case det nmod
Systems<-compound
agreement<-compound det amod
player<-det amod
discover<-ccomp mark
way<-amod
run<-ccomp nsubj
pay<-xcomp nsubj
say<-parataxis nsubj
publicity<-amod
due<-xcomp cop
larger<-cc conj
spending<-dep nmod
operation<-amod
juror<-case det
Texas<-case compound
drop<-det nmod
reflect<-advmod dobj nsubj
expect<-xcomp nsubj dobj mark
nothing<-dep
race<-case nmod
crime<-case det
enter<-nsubj dobj mark
open<-dep
refuse<-xcomp advmod nsubj
retirement<-case cc conj cc:preconj
Allianz<-case
margin<-case amod
pay<-compound:prt dobj mark
image<-nmod:poss
rape<-cc conj
statement<-neg amod
call<-dobj nmod mark
set<-dobj compound:prt
side<-det nmod amod
hold<-dobj nmod mark
away<-nmod
interest<-case det nmod amod
arrival<-case det nmod
Sony<-case
determine<-advcl mark
many<-advmod nmod
put<-xcomp nmod
come<-advcl nmod nsubj
owner<-nmod:poss
product<-case compound amod
history<-case nmod:poss
identify<-dobj nsubj
manager<-nmod:poss
seek<-aux dobj nsubj
steal<-dobj
do<-advcl mark
take<-cc conj dobj compound:prt
the<-case
house<-det amod
agree<-xcomp nsubj mark
call<-ccomp nsubj
leadership<-det amod
catalyst<-det
approach<-dobj nmod nsubj
price<-dep
reduce<-dobj nsubj
tell<-aux dobj ccomp nsubj
deal<-cop nmod mark
grow<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
Pinnacle<-case
exist<-nmod nsubj
give<-nsubj dobj mark
Roy<-compound
benefit<-det amod
two<-case nmod
next<-case
official<-det
$<-cop nummod advmod nsubj
speak<-cc conj nmod nsubj
author<-det
service<-case
control<-case det compound
supply<-dobj mark
serve<-nmod
leveraged<-advmod
250<-advmod
decline<-case compound
Insurance<-compound
part<-case nmod amod
manage<-xcomp nsubj
end<-case advmod det nmod
consider<-aux dobj
wave<-det
developer<-dep
offer<-nmod dobj
issue<-compound det amod
market<-case advmod det
staff<-det compound
sure<-cop ccomp neg
rise<-case nmod amod
majority<-det amod
inflation<-dep
supplier<-case det
one<-appos nmod
person<-case det
car<-det compound
Barron<-case
February<-amod
attorney<-case det compound
investment<-case nmod
name<-nsubj
demand<-dobj mark
day<-det acl
call<-dobj mark
GM<-dep
1.04<-dep
two-third<-advmod nmod
warrant<-case amod
speculation<-det
throw<-dobj nsubj
debt<-nmod:poss amod
Cuba<-case
book<-compound
Strip<-case det
member<-nummod nmod
hurt<-auxpass nmod
Ross<-compound
business<-compound amod
complete<-dobj nmod nsubj
brand<-det amod
line<-case compound nmod amod
50,000<-case dep
people<-case nummod
Quayle<-case compound
}<-xcomp nsubj
operation<-case det amod
David<-case
exist<-dobj
rights<-det nmod
think<-aux ccomp nsubj
document<-case det compound
year<-case nmod:poss amod
quarter<-case det nmod
worm<-det
suit<-det amod
chapter<-case nummod
man<-case
british<-dobj
cell<-case amod
(<-compound acl:relcl amod
Hooker<-case compound
ask<-dobj
willing<-xcomp cop nsubj mark
acquisition<-dep det
requirement<-compound det amod
takeover<-case det amod
Korea<-case
far<-advmod nmod
have<-aux dobj
investor<-case compound
legislation<-case det
get<-nmod compound:prt
purchase<-dobj
require<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass
Valley<-compound
repay<-dobj mark
weakness<-case nmod amod
sector<-det amod
close<-dep nmod
accommodate<-dobj mark
performance<-amod
1.80<-dep
list<-det
takeover<-det amod
guess<-ccomp nsubj
meet<-dobj
subsidiary<-case nmod:poss compound
get<-nsubj ccomp nmod mark
legislator<-dep
increase<-case det compound
expense<-amod
member<-case nummod
terrorism<-case
people<-det amod
classify<-advmod
high<-amod
issue<-case det amod
prevent<-dobj
accord<-case det compound
fact<-det nmod
look<-advcl mark
Gelbart<-compound
money<-cc conj amod
capita<-dep
street<-case det
building<-det amod
start<-xcomp nsubj advcl
own<-dobj
uncertainty<-case
term<-det nmod amod
pass<-advmod dobj nsubj
add<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
get<-advmod ccomp nsubj
slowdown<-case det nmod
more<-advmod nsubj
track<-case
introduce<-dobj nmod mark
happen<-aux nmod nsubj
condition<-compound amod
Industries<-dep compound
idea<-case det
Florida<-case
testify<-nmod nsubj
Texaco<-case
deliver<-dobj mark
member<-compound
come<-nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
Francisco<-compound
we<-case nmod
able<-xcomp cop nsubj neg mark aux
sit<-advmod nmod
change<-dobj
career<-nmod nsubj
question<-xcomp nsubj
share<-case dep nummod
think<-nmod nsubj
Canada<-case cc conj
500,000<-advmod
rate<-dep det compound
strategy<-det amod
bike<-case amod
painting<-amod
prosecutor<-det
scandal<-case
adjust<-nmod
exemption<-det amod
begin<-xcomp nsubj advcl
justice<-case
failure<-case
have<-xcomp dobj nsubj
likely<-xcomp cop neg
answer<-amod
face<-nsubj dobj mark
deal<-det compound
regain<-nsubj dobj mark
Noriega<-case
gain<-xcomp nsubj
technology<-case amod
worker<-nummod
barrel<-case det nmod
allow<-xcomp dobj nmod nsubj
business<-cc conj
see<-cc conj dobj nsubj
he<-advmod
receive<-dobj
afford<-xcomp aux nsubj neg mark
loss<-case dep det nmod
system<-det nmod
future<-compound
Securities<-compound
push<-dobj mark
have<-advcl aux dobj nmod nsubj
Courtaulds<-case
while<-det
agree<-xcomp mark
parent<-nmod:poss
criticism<-amod
force<-cc cop conj acl nsubj
financial<-cc conj
house<-case acl:relcl det
ruling<-det
turn<-compound:prt dobj mark
resign<-dep nmod nsubj
handle<-aux dobj nsubj
expense<-compound
year<-dep det
Guard<-det compound
exile<-case
Memories<-compound
probability<-det acl
Eagle<-case
work<-case nmod
regulator<-det compound
worker<-case acl:relcl
interest<-dep
Sacramento<-case
Pennzoil<-case
year<-appos nmod amod
something<-acl:relcl
3,000<-case dep
need<-xcomp aux nsubj advcl
change<-det compound
proponent<-nmod
prospect<-case det nmod
work<-xcomp nmod nsubj
back<-advmod
make<-xcomp ccomp
fall<-mark
side<-case det nmod compound
year<-case det nmod amod
change<-dobj mark
use<-xcomp nsubj mark
rise<-nsubj
time<-acl
violate<-dobj mark
product<-dep amod
himself<-case
Fuji<-det
Vietnam<-case
expect<-advmod nsubj
focus<-case advmod nmod
argument<-det
end<-advcl advmod nsubj
believe<-aux mark
Agency<-det compound
Bank<-case nmod
measure<-det amod
representative<-compound
list<-nmod compound
yield<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
hard<-advmod
come<-auxpass nsubjpass
oppose<-nsubj dobj mark
statement<-amod
effort<-nmod:poss acl
sign<-dobj
compare<-xcomp nmod
pressure<-amod
merger<-cc conj
profit<-dep compound
make<-xcomp advmod nsubj
jump<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
dollar<-nummod det amod
basis<-compound
selling<-det nmod
tape<-case amod
employee<-case nmod
Board<-case compound
hope<-nsubj ccomp mark
indicate<-aux ccomp nsubj
round<-case det nmod amod
fund<-case nmod amod
index<-compound det acl:relcl amod
hit<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
thousand<-case det nmod
dozen<-case nmod
inventory<-compound
order<-compound amod
Department<-compound
say<-dep nsubj dobj ccomp
create<-dobj nmod nsubj
operation<-case det compound
Commission<-compound
issue<-nmod:poss nmod amod
reason<-dep det amod
0.5<-advmod
serve<-dobj mark
block<-nmod
read<-dobj
2.46<-dep
on<-cc dep
require<-ccomp nsubj
Congress<-case cc conj
try<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
senator<-amod
charge<-case amod
refugee<-case
oil<-nmod
1987<-case amod
song<-case det
hear<-dobj nsubj
type<-case det nmod amod
Maidenform<-case
Jones<-case compound
supply<-det nmod
turn<-dobj nmod mark
ministry<-amod
exceed<-dobj mark
gain<-case compound nmod amod
1988<-case cc conj
state<-case nummod
raise<-advcl dobj nsubj
about<-dep
action<-amod
send<-advmod ccomp nsubj
word<-case amod
problem<-det compound
mean<-dobj nsubj
make<-xcomp aux
behavior<-case
conference<-case dep det compound
pay<-cop
plant<-amod
look<-xcomp nmod mark
Deng<-compound
credit<-det nmod compound
power<-nmod
magazine<-nmod:poss
day<-advmod det
sign<-case det nmod
building<-case
become<-xcomp aux dep nsubj
know<-xcomp mark
sale<-det compound
Dun<-cc conj
trader<-dep
Murdoch<-case compound
improvement<-det nmod
grove<-case det nmod compound
would<-nsubj
country<-dep det
half<-nmod:npmod
resolution<-det nmod
anyone<-advmod
sell<-aux dobj neg nsubj
fill<-dobj nmod mark
stop<-dobj nmod mark
help<-amod
they<-det
relationship<-det
contract<-case det amod
million<-case dep advmod compound
leader<-compound det amod
)<-ccomp
Verdi<-case
broker<-case amod
continue<-xcomp advmod nsubj
acquire<-nsubj dobj mark
worse<-advmod
advertiser<-dep
price<-case nmod:poss amod
case<-case appos det
groundwork<-det nmod
Chevron<-case
September<-case appos
accuse<-aux dobj nsubj
give<-nsubj iobj dobj mark
limit<-det
someone<-acl:relcl
idea<-case det nmod
reserve<-case amod
EDT<-case nummod advmod
base<-cop nmod
$<-cc cop nummod conj nsubj
adviser<-case
abandon<-dobj
oppose<-dobj
five<-nmod
performance<-nmod:poss
work<-advmod nsubj
pay<-dobj nmod compound:prt
search<-case nmod
use<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
enough<-xcomp cop
toxin<-det
move<-nmod:poss amod
bill<-xcomp nsubj
Pictures<-compound
account<-nmod compound
defraud<-dobj mark
impression<-det
investor<-acl:relcl amod
anywhere<-nmod
growth<-nmod compound
sell<-advmod dobj nsubj
evidence<-nmod amod
chief<-compound det acl:relcl amod
drop<-det amod
town<-compound
striking<-advmod
advance<-case amod
opportunity<-compound amod
effort<-case
Tisch<-compound
SEC<-case det
give<-dobj nsubj
regime<-case det compound
surge<-det amod
legislator<-amod
senator<-case det
4,000<-advmod
firm<-case
Department<-det nmod
Bank<-det nmod
able<-xcomp aux cop nmod nsubj
County<-compound
Hunt<-compound
Shakespeare<-case
realize<-ccomp nsubj
Bartlett<-case compound
buy<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
month<-case nummod
work<-advmod nmod nsubj
Chestman<-compound
editor<-nmod
firm<-dep amod
nature<-case det nmod
program<-det nmod amod
side<-case det
decade<-advmod det
line<-cc conj nmod:poss nmod
high<-cop advmod nsubj
area<-case compound
change<-compound amod
act<-case det nmod
suit<-compound
rate<-case amod
have<-cc conj dobj mark
billing<-nmod
Broadcasting<-compound
political<-cc conj
average<-case dep det nmod amod
loss<-dep det amod
economy<-cc conj det amod
mixed<-cop
paper<-case amod
have<-xcomp nsubj advmod mark
responsibility<-det
trade<-case det
underscore<-dobj nsubj
ability<-det
1991<-case amod
slip<-case
put<-aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod compound:prt
limit<-ccomp mark
page-one<-ccomp nsubj
take<-advmod dobj mark
bigger<-advmod
expert<-amod
record<-det nmod amod
Ill.<-case compound
employee<-case nmod:poss
seat<-compound
Nov.<-case nummod nmod
unit<-amod
Stoll<-case compound
bill<-nmod:poss
do<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
IRA<-det amod
part<-det amod
everyone<-case
Salinger<-case compound
reach<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
depend<-advcl nsubj
deficit<-det
planner<-case amod
competitor<-case amod
shareholder<-det
equal<-nmod nsubj
ratio<-det
rate<-dep compound
evidence<-case
Community<-det amod
director<-nmod amod
lawyer<-case
Miller<-case compound
25<-case dep
state<-dep det
1.07<-dep
affect<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
return<-case amod
follow<-cc aux conj nmod
%<-cc nummod conj amod
bid<-case dep conj cc
maker<-case compound det amod
line<-compound amod
uncertainty<-case nmod
analyst<-det nmod amod
)<-cc conj compound amod
as<-cc
every<-advmod
plaintiff<-case
market<-case acl:relcl det compound
change<-case det nmod amod
weekend<-case det nmod
ensure<-dobj
information<-nmod
include<-dep nsubj
review<-case
show<-ccomp
office<-compound
$<-cop nummod nmod nsubj
hdtv<-case
program<-case
space<-amod
reason<-case amod
story<-case nummod nmod
area<-compound det amod
allow<-aux dobj nsubj
staff<-case nmod:poss amod
shareholder<-case det
announce<-ccomp nmod nsubj
computer<-det nmod
billion<-case dep compound
offset<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
loss<-cc conj det nmod
cancer<-case det
buy<-xcomp advmod nsubj
minute<-dep
minute<-det
hit<-dobj nmod nsubj
water<-case compound
Friday<-advmod
Marshall<-case
CD<-det
producer<-compound
short<-advmod
vote<-nmod mark
assume<-ccomp mark
construction<-case
employee<-case nummod
expense<-dep
wear<-dobj nmod mark
Miami<-case
gene<-case amod
million<-case nmod
office<-case det compound
sell<-advmod dobj
Zealand<-case compound
rise<-nmod mark
another<-nmod
1960<-case det
three<-advmod nmod
rely<-xcomp nmod
}<-nmod:poss compound
spend<-xcomp mark
ratio<-nmod:poss compound
room<-case det
meeting<-case det amod
flap<-case det nmod
broker<-compound
value<-nmod compound
Board<-det nmod compound
raise<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
engineer<-amod
it<-advmod
begin<-xcomp aux conj cc nsubj
meet<-dobj nsubj
trading<-compound amod
fire<-case nmod
position<-nmod:poss compound
time<-xcomp aux nsubj
take<-aux dobj nmod neg nsubj
not<-cc dep
litigation<-case
staff<-case amod
be<-expl ccomp mark
estate<-case amod compound
increase<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
stage<-dobj nmod mark
company<-case acl:relcl
system<-case compound det amod
club<-case det compound
open<-nmod dobj
581/2<-dep compound
Index<-nummod det compound
make<-aux nmod nsubj
come<-xcomp
consultant<-compound
metal<-det
Germans<-compound
land<-cc conj nmod:poss
Street<-dep compound
cost<-compound amod
merchandise<-case compound
school<-amod
take<-aux nmod nsubj
future<-det nmod
selling<-det
office<-case amod
eighth<-cc conj advmod nmod
cut<-advmod dobj
trade<-det
stance<-det amod
portfolio<-det amod
home<-case nmod
policy<-dep det
name<-case
worry<-nmod mark
product<-case nmod:poss amod
maker<-nmod amod
interview<-case det nmod
come<-cc aux conj nmod nsubj
Africa<-compound
end<-dep compound
output<-compound
quote<-dep auxpass nsubjpass nmod
structure<-case amod
tourist<-case
negotiate<-dobj
insurance<-case compound
opt<-xcomp nsubj
hour<-case nmod
insurer<-amod
discussion<-nmod
Integrated<-case
interested<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
further<-advmod
Ford<-dep
Steinberg<-compound
now<-case cc conj
approve<-dobj mark
unit<-case det amod
discovery<-det nmod amod
member<-case compound
do<-aux dobj
U.S.<-dep det
replace<-dobj nsubj
claim<-det
have<-nsubj nmod dobj
Wednesday<-amod
get<-xcomp aux nsubj
Carolina<-appos compound
U.S.<-cc conj det
margin<-amod
kind<-det nmod amod
half<-case nmod
circumstance<-case det amod
reflect<-xcomp nsubj
business<-case nmod
see<-aux nmod nsubj
franc<-case nummod
equipment<-case
turn<-advmod nmod nsubj
life<-case det amod
buy-out<-det
Co.<-advmod compound
fee<-compound
1906<-case
discuss<-nmod dobj
drive<-compound det amod
reason<-case det
deny<-ccomp nsubj
kid<-case
ad<-nmod
1970<-case det amod
volatility<-case compound
property<-det
life<-det nmod
child<-case compound
reduce<-ccomp mark
Douglas<-case compound
make<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
plan<-case compound det amod
plead<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
all<-cop nmod
use<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
venture<-det nmod amod
proposal<-case det compound
money<-case compound
member<-nummod compound
threat<-det
end<-case dep compound nmod:poss amod
mid-October<-case
board<-case det amod
15<-nmod:npmod
response<-det
experiment<-case det
savings<-case cc conj det
realize<-advmod ccomp nsubj
name<-amod
do<-neg nsubj
care<-compound
network<-case det amod
return<-det nmod compound
drive<-compound
World<-case det compound
capacity<-det acl
player<-case det
fill<-compound:prt dobj mark
pill<-compound det amod
soviet<-det
write<-ccomp
retailer<-case amod
nation<-case acl:relcl det amod
people<-nmod amod
ask<-aux nmod nsubj
name<-nmod:poss
Florio<-case compound
work<-advcl nsubj
store<-det
trade<-case
Game<-case nummod
Treasury<-case
election<-det
GOP<-det
subject<-cop det nmod
sell<-ccomp mark
replace<-dobj nmod nsubj
cut<-case det compound
use<-xcomp advmod nsubj
expect<-xcomp advmod nsubj
package<-det amod
area<-nummod
help<-dobj nsubj
Countries<-case compound
navy<-det
maximum<-det nmod
result<-compound
million<-nmod compound
GE<-case
devise<-advcl dobj mark
show<-case det compound
replace<-aux dobj nsubj
1.02<-dep
earnings<-nummod
ownership<-case compound
cause<-cc conj dobj nsubj
pressure<-case det acl
breakup<-case det nmod
chain<-case det
avoid<-dobj
outset<-case det
stop<-dobj mark
$<-cc cop nummod advmod conj
take<-aux dobj nmod:tmod advcl nsubj
face<-advmod dobj nsubj
judge<-det amod
get<-xcomp nsubj mark
statistics<-case amod
concede<-ccomp
believe<-nmod nsubj
area<-case
threat<-det amod
Katz<-dep compound
fact<-case dep det
penny<-nummod
elect<-dobj mark
Minnesota<-case
replace<-dobj nmod mark
Gorbachev<-compound amod
drop<-dep compound
like<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
prove<-xcomp aux nsubj
Kasparov<-compound
fewer<-advmod
disclose<-aux dobj neg nsubj
issue<-dep det compound
mine<-case det nmod compound
question<-dep det
go<-compound:prt
state<-case
crime<-case
week<-case advmod det
$<-nummod appos
charge<-case det compound
recession<-case
Reserve<-case det compound
population<-case nmod:poss
stock<-det amod
Food<-cc conj
index<-compound det amod
know<-mark
fall<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
have<-advcl nsubj dobj mark
vote<-xcomp dobj nsubj
product<-cc conj amod
have<-aux dobj advmod nsubj
group<-nummod
headquarters<-case nmod:poss
whites<-case
danger<-det nmod
10,000<-case dep
alienate<-dobj
job<-amod
Saatchi<-case
slightly<-advmod nmod
look<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
several<-case nmod
Young<-cc conj
Telerate<-case
police<-det
goods<-case compound amod
crisis<-appos nmod:poss amod
fare<-amod
appear<-advmod nmod nsubj
Foods<-compound
Association<-compound
buy-out<-case det amod
group<-case det nmod amod
table<-case det
datum<-compound
gain<-nummod nmod
address<-dobj nsubj
News<-compound
payment<-det
music<-det
seek<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
denounce<-dobj nsubj
proposal<-det compound
legislation<-case amod
downturn<-det
Siegel<-compound
stand<-nsubj advmod mark
expert<-det
eliminate<-dobj nmod nsubj
contrast<-nmod
close<-xcomp
executive<-compound det amod
take<-advcl dobj
risk<-cc conj det nmod
driver<-case det
lose<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
fight<-case det amod
trip<-det
fail<-xcomp nsubj advmod mark
space<-case amod
FBI<-det
Merksamer<-compound
party<-det amod
Communications<-case compound
stop<-xcomp mark
skin<-case
term<-case det
live<-nmod
process<-det amod
cause<-det compound
revenue<-case compound
April<-amod
offering<-det nmod amod
subscribe<-nmod nsubj
two<-cc conj
like<-aux ccomp nsubj
action<-case
start<-dobj
control<-case nmod compound
need<-dep advmod nsubj
we<-advmod
possible<-nmod
reader<-det
much<-case advmod
Bush<-case nmod compound
Republicans<-det
trade<-cop nmod
rapidly<-advmod
japanese<-ccomp
suit<-dep det amod
limit<-cop
need<-xcomp dobj nsubj
Aug.<-case nummod
increase<-cc conj dobj nmod mark
investor<-acl:relcl
thing<-case det
be<-cc nsubj advmod conj expl
no<-nmod:npmod
defense<-det nmod amod
subject<-case det
Inc.<-advmod compound
announcement<-det nmod
contract<-case compound
keep<-aux dobj
table<-det
value<-det amod
question<-det nmod
steel<-case
worry<-compound
schedule<-cop acl nsubj
poor<-case det
Minpeco<-case
rights<-case compound
sale<-dep det
Nasdaq<-case
have<-nsubj dobj ccomp mark
create<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
bike<-case det
authorize<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
sale<-nmod:poss amod
note<-ccomp
have<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
head<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
know<-cc conj dobj nsubj
deficit<-det nmod amod
Ebensburg<-case
trade<-case nmod amod
poor<-det
dispute<-case det nmod
evidence<-amod
D.<-case appos compound
politician<-case
office<-det
have<-aux dobj ccomp nsubj
question<-det amod
interest<-case cc conj
go<-advmod ccomp nsubj
election<-compound
record<-compound det amod
analyst<-case det
pound<-case det
level<-case nmod amod
development<-case
rise<-amod
aim<-case compound det nmod amod
gyration<-det nmod
confirm<-dobj nsubj
government<-det acl
research<-case
design<-nmod
tell<-xcomp nsubj
bond<-cc conj amod
word<-amod
product<-nmod amod
metal<-case amod
provide<-xcomp nsubj
research<-case cc conj
doctor<-case
executive<-dep compound
lay<-dobj
Lincoln<-case
$<-case cc nummod advmod dep conj
value<-case det compound
trade<-det amod
comptroller<-case det
sentence<-compound
cost<-advmod nmod nsubj
month<-nummod nmod
house<-case
Carter<-compound
recession<-case det amod
Casualty<-compound
medium<-cc conj
Hall<-compound
center<-det amod
prop<-compound:prt dobj mark
group<-nummod nmod
house<-det nmod
range<-nmod compound
access<-case
pay<-det
rate<-case det compound
row<-case det
bill<-dep det amod
Mahfouz<-compound
hard<-xcomp cop nsubj
implication<-det nmod
body<-case det
month<-nummod det nmod amod
share<-case nummod compound
make<-aux nsubj nmod mark
balloon<-det
see<-dep dobj
amount<-amod
mix<-dobj
psyllium<-case
Ltd.<-appos compound
June<-case nmod
spokeswoman<-det compound
disclose<-neg
owner<-case
flight<-dep
expect<-aux dobj nsubj
go<-aux compound:prt nmod neg nsubj
survey<-case det compound
office<-det nmod
tree<-det
own<-advmod nmod nsubj
Fargo<-cc conj compound
sense<-acl det amod
weight<-amod
damage<-neg
protest<-case
nothing<-acl:relcl
look<-advcl nsubj
have<-xcomp aux advcl nsubj
King<-case compound
plan<-xcomp nsubj advcl
manage<-dobj
share<-case det
enable<-xcomp dobj
Messrs.Guber<-cc conj
state<-nmod:poss
day<-amod
street<-det
position<-amod
consider<-ccomp
something<-amod
1988<-case amod
section<-det
trust<-det acl
September<-case nmod
chunk<-nmod amod
creditor<-case det
offering<-det amod
end<-compound amod
witness<-det
alter<-dobj mark
likely<-cop
meet<-nmod mark
stock<-nummod amod
division<-case det compound
continue<-ccomp nsubj
truck<-case amod
slash<-dobj
rebel<-case det amod
motion<-case
lack<-nsubj dobj mark
see<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
job<-case
subscriber<-case det
list<-det nmod compound
give<-dobj compound:prt
goal<-amod
risky<-advmod
illegally<-case
use<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
low<-cop advmod
share<-case nummod nmod:tmod
world<-case det nmod
agree<-ccomp nmod nsubj
branch<-case
plaintiff<-case det
defendant<-case det
operation<-cc conj amod
system<-acl:relcl det
improve<-nmod dobj
bid<-case det
concede<-ccomp nsubj
trend<-case det nmod
increase<-nmod nsubj
researcher<-nmod
plan<-acl:relcl det
wonder<-advcl nsubj
show<-case
record<-det nmod
carry<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
question<-case det nmod
bank<-case cc conj amod
die<-nmod nsubj
investment<-det nmod amod
equipment<-compound
give<-nmod
chairman<-case nmod
fur<-compound
game<-nummod det compound
control<-compound
Germany<-nmod compound
clutter<-det nmod
seller<-amod
end<-case dep det nmod compound
Morgan<-dep compound
serve<-dobj nsubj
help<-aux nsubj ccomp mark
continue<-xcomp
raise<-xcomp aux nsubj
give<-dobj nmod mark
Australia<-case compound
worker<-det
datum<-case amod
feel<-advmod nmod nsubj
risk<-xcomp nsubj advcl
set<-nmod dobj
compare<-advmod nmod nsubj
never<-dep
holiday<-case det
close<-advmod nmod nsubj
include<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
organization<-det
aware<-cop nmod neg nsubj
Power<-case compound
firm<-case compound nmod:poss amod
competition<-amod
National<-dep nmod
keep<-cc conj dobj mark
something<-cop acl:relcl det
require<-xcomp nsubj
require<-xcomp dobj mark
people<-advmod amod
come<-compound:prt nsubj
negative<-advmod
quarter<-case acl:relcl det amod
throw<-nmod dobj
project<-case compound
takeover<-det
projection<-det
construction<-case nmod
rating<-det nmod
want<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
remain<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
public<-cc conj
letter<-det
Westinghouse<-case
Warner<-case compound
Ernst<-cc conj
capital<-case
corporation<-det
direction<-case det amod
decision<-case nmod:poss
subsidized<-advmod
interest<-compound
space<-case compound
difference<-det nmod
provide<-nmod
lab<-case det
support<-nmod amod
user<-case det
Administration<-det compound
polyurethane<-case
merger<-case det
week<-case det nmod amod
finger<-nmod:poss
estimate<-case nummod det
Lee<-compound
income<-compound
gain<-case compound
intend<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
go<-advmod mark
unchanged<-cop nmod nsubj
respondent<-case nmod:poss
Quebecor<-case
premium<-det
surge<-dep
state<-case det compound
disclose<-dobj nmod mark
work<-case amod
1978<-case
three<-dep compound
recently<-case
firm<-dep
feel<-advcl nsubj
stock<-det compound
spending<-amod
american<-det
sell<-aux dobj nsubj
item<-case amod
try<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
come<-xcomp advmod
suppose<-xcomp cop nsubj
park<-case det
effort<-case acl det amod
interest<-case nmod amod
increase<-nmod compound
market<-case compound det nmod amod
bid<-dep
R.<-compound
market<-xcomp nsubj
venture<-det
likely<-advmod
expect<-xcomp aux dobj neg nsubj
company<-det acl
10,000<-advmod
growth<-nmod amod
money<-acl amod
describe<-dobj
improve<-advcl dobj mark
employ<-dobj nsubj
definition<-det nmod amod
all<-case appos
most<-acl
management<-cc conj
Electric<-compound
media<-case det amod
Mae<-compound
Church<-case det compound
concern<-det
Composite<-det compound
1998<-case
company<-case det nmod amod
Boren<-compound
monitor<-dobj mark
cancer<-case compound
fall<-nsubj dobj mark
Coast<-case det compound
do<-xcomp
shareholder<-appos nmod:poss amod
Rico<-case compound
crisis<-case det compound
Vegas<-case compound
resource<-amod
market<-cop nsubj cc det amod conj
reluctance<-nmod:poss acl
man<-det nmod
come<-nmod:tmod mark
involve<-xcomp nsubj
lunch<-case
minute<-nummod
everything<-acl:relcl
leader<-case amod
cost<-case cc conj amod
owner<-det
Hanover<-compound
payable<-nmod:tmod nmod
industry<-case
bring<-compound:prt dobj mark
they<-case advmod
stay<-xcomp mark
lose<-xcomp
put<-nmod
else<-nsubj
else<-advmod
literally<-advmod
%<-dep nummod
follow<-nmod dobj
clear<-cop ccomp
comprise<-dobj nsubj
information<-compound
estimate<-xcomp nsubj mark
customer<-case det
portfolio<-case det amod
stake<-nmod:poss nmod amod
guilty<-xcomp
improve<-nmod nsubj
chairman<-det nmod
sector<-case det nmod amod
move<-det nmod
increase<-advmod nmod
award<-dep
Field<-case compound
cut<-det compound
easier<-det
mind<-nmod nsubj
restructuring<-case det
once<-nmod:npmod
Ogilvy<-case
protection<-case nmod amod
Anheuser<-case
eliminate<-dobj
see<-xcomp nsubj
reach<-nsubj dobj mark
hope<-xcomp aux nsubj
flow<-nmod compound
property<-amod
confident<-ccomp
volume<-nmod:poss
road<-det
man<-det amod
maximize<-dobj mark
force<-det
post<-nmod dobj
group<-compound det amod
earnings<-dep
have<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
child<-case det
hope<-aux ccomp nsubj
maintain<-mark
amount<-case det
hear<-advmod ccomp nsubj
self-righteousness<-case cc conj
Technology<-compound
share<-nmod compound
word<-det
call<-compound
hate<-xcomp nsubj
sooner<-cc conj
president<-case nmod
IBM<-dep
court<-case cc conj det
Beijing<-case
problem<-case det nmod amod
settle<-nmod nsubj
committee<-case amod
approval<-nmod compound
Max<-case
lead<-det
age<-case
union<-case det compound
rein<-det
edge<-advmod nmod nsubj
related<-nmod
chief<-case nmod
month<-nummod det appos
concept<-det nmod
do<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
use<-case nmod compound
buy<-case
trader<-dep det
stop<-advcl dobj mark
change<-nmod
store<-case nmod:poss compound
cost<-case compound amod
300<-advmod
off<-nmod
concede<-advmod ccomp nsubj
DEC<-case
claim<-det nmod
restructuring<-case det nmod
assist<-dobj nmod mark
get<-advcl dobj
storm<-det
product<-dep det
authority<-acl amod
foot<-case amod
York<-case dep compound
store<-amod
drop<-dobj
Bill<-case det nmod
have<-xcomp advmod
pound<-nummod nmod
study<-compound
boost<-nmod dobj
drop<-det compound
%<-cop nummod nmod nsubj
use<-advcl dobj nsubj
signal<-amod
finish<-nmod nsubj
abortion<-compound det amod
customer<-case det amod
process<-case det amod
strategy<-compound amod
conduct<-dobj nmod nsubj
Kong<-case cc conj compound
stuff<-nmod dobj
woman<-case amod
bid<-case amod
reach<-dobj nmod nsubj
Mahran<-compound
work<-det nmod
company<-compound nmod:poss amod
help<-nmod
Ryder<-case
question<-advcl nsubj
kind<-case det
exclude<-dobj
debenture<-case amod
only<-nmod:npmod nmod
stock<-dep nmod
plant<-case det nmod
summer<-case amod
quake<-dep det
failure<-nmod:poss
corner<-case acl:relcl det nmod
rage<-case
commerce<-case
growth<-compound nmod amod
copy<-nmod amod
future<-case compound
chain<-compound
facility<-amod
respond<-advcl nsubj
Peabody<-case compound
hit<-nsubj dobj mark
building<-amod
middleman<-case det
provision<-det nmod amod
be<-neg nsubj expl mark
fact<-case det nmod
show<-case compound amod
year<-nummod amod
include<-advmod dobj nsubj
down<-advmod nmod
copy<-det nmod
)<-nummod nmod nsubj
rise<-case det nmod amod
provide<-aux nmod dobj
variety<-case det nmod
Cohen<-compound
foot<-nummod nmod amod
Darman<-compound
Witter<-compound
time<-dep det
France<-case compound
plan<-xcomp nmod:tmod nsubj
ownership<-compound
stock<-nmod amod
Panama<-case nmod
quarter<-case amod
keep<-nmod mark
force<-nmod dobj
remain<-xcomp advmod nsubj
position<-det nmod amod
commitment<-amod
flow<-det nmod
Leval<-compound
step<-nmod
cut<-case
asset<-nmod:poss
AG<-compound
Torrijos<-compound amod
allow<-xcomp aux nsubj
improvement<-amod
come<-advmod dobj
terminal<-compound amod
get<-dobj advmod nsubj
move<-case
Japan<-dep
Motor<-compound
client<-nmod:poss
approve<-dobj
sport<-amod
campaign<-det compound
employ<-aux nsubj dobj advmod mark
begin<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
official<-case
charge<-xcomp nsubj
client<-case nmod:poss
release<-dobj nmod mark
sign<-det nmod
tell<-ccomp mark
continue<-nmod dobj
urge<-xcomp dobj mark
sell<-nmod mark
time<-det det:predet
print<-nmod
hit<-auxpass advmod nmod
time<-acl amod
bias<-det amod
housing<-case amod
view<-case
buyer<-case amod
pessimistic<-cop advmod
make<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
become<-xcomp aux nsubj nmod mark
many<-dep
finance<-aux dobj nsubj
issue<-dobj nmod nsubj
remove<-dobj mark
box<-det
morning<-compound
Wilmington<-dep
submit<-auxpass
challenge<-cop nmod
support<-xcomp mark
customer<-case nmod:poss
Philippines<-case det
office<-compound amod
subordinate<-nmod:npmod
address<-dobj
show<-aux dobj nsubj
position<-compound
react<-advmod nsubj
force<-xcomp nsubj dobj mark
confrontation<-case det
reserve<-amod
effort<-det compound
there<-nmod
want<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
deal<-amod
mandate<-nmod:poss amod
table<-case det compound
grow<-nsubj nmod mark
worth<-dep cop
night<-compound
voice<-det nmod
initiative<-nmod:poss
sell<-advcl
give<-advcl nmod dobj
1962<-case
panel<-det
experience<-case amod
Kodak<-case
accept<-dobj nmod nsubj
extent<-case det amod
magazine<-det amod
group<-case compound amod
Guber<-dep compound
pay<-nsubj nmod mark
view<-det
concern<-compound
child<-amod
contract<-det nmod
Gillett<-compound
yesterday<-case nmod compound
hurdle<-det amod
cost<-case det
lid<-det
enjoy<-dobj
price<-dep amod
Hungary<-case cc conj
american<-amod
requirement<-case compound
combat<-dobj mark
stake<-case det nmod
event<-case det nmod amod
do<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
Express<-compound
%<-nummod appos
Libya<-case
Cincinnati<-case
public<-det amod
position<-det
yesterday<-case amod
yen<-det
Indians<-amod
fund<-det nmod compound
be<-cc conj ccomp
continue<-xcomp aux
rate<-case advmod det amod
officer<-compound amod
past<-case det amod
district<-case compound nmod:poss amod
it<-nmod
loan<-case det amod
(<-compound amod
look<-nsubj advmod nmod mark
decline<-det amod
offering<-case det amod
bring<-dobj
action<-compound
particular<-case
business<-dep amod
compare<-advcl nmod nsubj
win<-dobj iobj mark
weekend<-case det acl
amount<-nmod
result<-det compound
get<-ccomp nmod nsubj
outstanding<-nmod
challenge<-det amod
attend<-ccomp nsubj
airline<-det amod
due<-dep nmod
relation<-case compound
believe<-ccomp
trend<-case det nmod amod
do<-dep nsubj
talk<-det nmod
advertising<-case
account<-compound
land<-case amod
model<-case det
leave<-dobj mark
bar<-case det
have<-cc conj dobj
go<-xcomp advcl
build<-dobj nsubj
AMR<-case
performance<-case det amod
have<-nsubj nmod ccomp
rise<-advmod nsubj
Data<-case compound
machine<-acl:relcl det
state<-amod
exclude<-dep dobj
start<-ccomp mark
million<-dep advmod compound
reason<-case
cost<-case det acl
top<-case det nmod
partnership<-case
Allen<-case compound
take<-ccomp mark
interest<-nmod compound
Florio<-compound
form<-dobj mark
especially<-nmod
4<-advmod
energy<-det amod
success<-amod
rush<-cop nmod neg nsubj
south<-advmod
business<-dep
mayor<-case
attempt<-nmod:poss acl
cost<-nmod compound
use<-nmod nsubj
refinancing<-det nmod
topic<-det
lack<-case det nmod
sell<-advmod nmod dobj
Rubens<-case det
territory<-case det
mother<-dep
Memories<-case compound
see<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
promise<-dobj nsubj
age<-nmod:poss
manage<-dobj mark
maintain<-aux dobj nsubj
opinion<-det
produce<-xcomp nsubj
Germany<-dep compound
Niciporuk<-compound
attractive<-advmod
agency<-det compound
ought<-xcomp nsubj advcl
capture<-dobj
$<-cop nsubj cc nummod advmod conj
few<-advmod
agent<-compound
amount<-compound nmod amod
Service<-compound
have<-aux ccomp neg nsubj
seek<-xcomp nmod nsubj
case<-dep nummod
have<-advcl dobj nmod mark
sensitive<-advmod
Democrats<-case
bid<-amod
offer<-nmod:poss amod
loss<-case
prepare<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass mark
sector<-dep det compound
reflect<-ccomp nsubj
high<-nmod
establish<-nmod dobj
compare<-nmod ccomp
way<-case det nmod
rally<-nmod compound
boundary<-det amod
focus<-nmod
one<-compound
stop<-dobj nsubj
agree<-aux nmod nsubj
fund<-dep det
take<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
institute<-det
pay<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
morning<-case det nmod
unit<-case compound nmod:poss amod
yield<-compound det nmod amod
auction<-case nmod:poss
disappoint<-cop ccomp
most<-det
enterprise<-compound det amod
operation<-det compound
worker<-nmod
need<-dobj mark
order<-compound det amod
estimate<-ccomp nsubj
gene<-det
he<-dep cc conj
accord<-acl
call<-nsubj dobj
spending<-case amod
drug<-amod
send<-dobj
put<-case det
product<-case nmod amod
happen<-mark
accepted<-nsubj
August<-case amod
information<-nmod amod
concern<-cop ccomp
point<-case det compound
Act<-det nmod compound
manager<-det
consultant<-case det
in<-dep
Baker<-compound
scientist<-case det amod
underwriter<-amod
AMR<-appos
or<-dep advmod
Cheney<-compound
array<-case det nmod amod
call<-nmod compound
feel<-advmod ccomp nsubj
record<-dep det compound
buy<-dobj compound:prt
criticize<-advmod dobj nsubj
arbitrage<-case compound
yen<-case det
hire<-dobj mark
style<-case
use<-amod
Garcia<-compound
return<-xcomp mark
inch<-case det
base<-compound
union<-case det
broker<-case compound
first<-case
network<-case det nmod
Morgan<-compound
CBS<-dep
12<-case
get<-dobj compound:prt nmod mark
$<-case cc nummod det amod conj
tend<-xcomp advmod nsubj
increase<-cop nmod
continue<-mark
goal<-det nmod
rating<-nmod:poss
influence<-advmod dobj nsubj
report<-dobj mark
firm<-acl:relcl det compound
operation<-case compound nmod:poss amod
even<-cc dep
Microsoft<-case
swing<-amod
protection<-case nummod compound
)<-case compound det nmod amod
handful<-case det nmod
dangerous<-advmod
step<-acl det amod
Tandy<-case
move<-cop nmod
role<-amod
idea<-det nmod
Ridley<-case compound
lose<-nmod dobj
get<-advmod dobj
chinese<-det
relationship<-nmod nsubj
respond<-nmod mark
steel<-cc conj
withdraw<-dobj mark
investor<-dep advmod
good<-nmod
difficult<-xcomp aux cop nsubj
violation<-case nmod amod
group<-case amod
person<-det amod
think<-advmod nsubj
make<-aux dobj nmod neg nsubj
transfer<-dobj nmod mark
BellSouth<-case
warn<-ccomp nsubj
food<-case
follow<-nsubj
process<-amod
sit<-nsubj nmod mark
planet<-case det
that<-advmod
brand<-advmod det nmod amod
discover<-aux ccomp nsubj
technology<-nmod amod
keep<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
rate<-compound nmod:poss amod
line<-amod
take<-xcomp
pass<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
compare<-nsubj nmod ccomp
seem<-xcomp expl
Dec.<-nummod nmod
begin<-dobj nmod nsubj
Tennessee<-case
people<-nummod nmod
set<-auxpass nmod compound:prt
like<-ccomp nsubj
story<-case det nmod
assume<-ccomp nsubj
make<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
not<-mwe
look<-det amod
use<-ccomp nsubj
end<-det
host<-det nmod
rig<-case amod
first<-dep aux cop det nsubj
USDA<-case det
move<-nmod nsubj
Nixon<-case compound
manager<-case
come<-mark
fastest<-det nmod
sell<-xcomp mark
option<-dep det amod
demand<-xcomp
agree<-nsubj nmod mark
year<-det nmod
Block<-compound
Trust<-compound
issue<-case acl:relcl det
year<-nummod advmod
hit<-dep
shake<-nmod nsubj
bug<-det
hit<-dobj
up<-advmod
gain<-case det
confirm<-ccomp nsubj
desire<-nmod:poss acl
say<-dobj nsubj
rise<-case det nmod
Association<-det nmod compound
story<-dep det
do<-aux advmod
offering<-det compound
1990<-case det
NFL<-case det
committee<-case nmod:poss compound
4.1<-advmod
step<-det
commission<-case compound
operate<-nmod
vote<-dep det compound
retail<-cc conj
no.<-nummod compound
gesture<-amod
convert<-aux nmod nsubj
want<-nsubj dobj
number<-det amod
Secretary<-det nmod
give<-advcl dobj
seem<-xcomp nsubj advmod mark
Gonzalez<-case compound
liable<-nmod
plain<-advmod
close<-case det compound
consumption<-case
two-third<-case advmod nmod
stick<-nmod mark
people<-acl:relcl amod
time<-compound
aggressive<-advmod
probe<-nmod
tax<-case compound
quarter<-case nummod det
join<-dobj nsubj
Sansui<-dep
now<-nmod
Series<-case det compound
contract<-dep det compound
chamber<-det
be<-xcomp neg advmod nsubj
reserve<-case compound
place<-dobj nmod mark
Cambodia<-case
recovery<-det nmod amod
shot<-det
lack<-nmod:poss nmod
Thompson<-compound
note<-acl:relcl det amod
chicken<-case
need<-advmod dobj nsubj
stronger<-advmod
cost<-aux dobj iobj nsubj
acquisition<-det nmod amod
remain<-xcomp cc conj nmod nsubj
Managua<-case
side<-case det compound
straight<-nmod
nation<-case det amod
Stanley<-cc conj compound
ad<-case det
task<-case det
guise<-case det nmod
1990<-case cc conj
burst<-det nmod
Intel<-dep
affect<-dobj
caller<-det
settlement<-case det
investor<-case dep amod
technology<-amod
1990<-case nmod
panel<-det compound
spite<-case nmod
cost<-dep compound
(<-nmod compound
remain<-nsubj ccomp mark
holder<-compound
collect<-dobj
chairman<-det compound
case<-case det compound
company<-case dep det
gas<-case det
force<-nmod:poss compound
cost<-nmod
backlog<-det nmod amod
anything<-case advmod
effective<-nmod:tmod
1980s<-case det amod
Lyondell<-case
Dentsu<-case
offering<-nmod:poss amod
charge<-det nmod
loss<-case det
continue<-aux nmod nsubj
Spain<-case
income<-compound amod
do<-advmod mark
absorb<-dobj mark
balance<-det nmod
contribution<-amod
use<-det nmod amod
noon<-case
change<-dobj iobj mark
member<-det nmod
ship<-det
Americans<-dep
currency<-case nmod amod
late<-advmod nmod
slowdown<-det compound
premium<-det nmod
only<-advmod
need<-det acl
city<-case det nmod
NEC<-case
issue<-nmod:poss amod
Friday<-det amod
contractor<-det
carry<-dobj
buy<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
trader<-det
fraud<-case cc conj
question<-dep det amod
equipment<-det
which<-dep case
money<-nmod:poss
network<-case nmod:poss compound
weakness<-nmod
towel<-case det
change<-dobj nmod mark
contract<-compound amod
view<-det amod
get<-aux dobj neg nsubj
variation<-nmod
taxpayer<-det
debt<-dep
end<-case nummod det compound
outsider<-case
Sony<-cc conj
want<-xcomp aux nsubj
Tuesday<-case amod
come<-nmod dobj
nation<-case compound amod
request<-nmod:poss
reject<-dobj mark
decline<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
Paper<-compound
summer<-case det nmod
application<-case nmod:poss compound
plant<-det nmod compound
appeal<-nmod nsubj
prevent<-advcl dobj nmod mark
power<-case compound
avoid<-xcomp nsubj
continue<-dobj
give<-cc conj dobj iobj mark
plane<-det
have<-ccomp nmod:tmod nsubj
way<-acl det amod
have<-auxpass nmod dobj
production<-compound nmod amod
maker<-dep compound
Partners<-compound
minister<-det amod
line<-det
continue<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
pay<-dobj nsubj
official<-appos compound det amod
field<-case amod
salesman<-compound
country<-compound amod
thing<-dep nummod
seat<-case
extremist<-case det
priority<-nmod amod
shift<-det nmod
term<-case
analyst<-case amod
promise<-det
policy<-det compound
Francisco<-case acl:relcl compound
wrap<-dep nummod compound
debenture<-case nmod:poss amod
expect<-xcomp aux conj cc nsubj
keep<-compound:prt dobj mark
Toshiba<-case
someone<-nmod
vote<-det nmod compound
window<-amod
move<-advmod mark
investigate<-cc conj dobj
(<-discourse nsubj
Krutchensky<-compound
report<-case amod
arrange<-nmod dobj
push<-dobj
recapitalization<-det
Era<-compound
tender<-dep cop nmod
affect<-aux dobj nsubj
represent<-ccomp nsubj
Constitution<-case det
get<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
building<-compound amod
Friday<-case cc conj
get<-aux nmod nsubj
cut<-dobj nmod mark
gold<-cc conj
conviction<-nsubj nmod mark
percentage<-det
count<-case nummod nmod
write<-dobj nmod nsubj
raid<-auxpass nmod
Larsen<-cc conj
election<-nummod det
transaction<-case det amod
accept<-nmod dobj
month<-dep appos amod
Board<-nmod
good<-cop neg nsubj
maker<-case compound nmod:poss amod
convert<-nmod dobj
price<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
use<-acl:relcl nmod amod
create<-nmod
stake<-case det amod
political<-advmod
refrigeration<-cc conj
utility<-case amod
slow<-advmod
plan<-det nmod
demand<-case det nmod
1/8<-advmod
November<-case advmod
form<-det nmod amod
character<-case nmod:poss amod
charge<-case advmod nmod
stop<-dobj
make<-cc conj dobj mark
do<-advcl dobj nsubj
join<-nmod dobj
involvement<-nmod:poss
Pignatelli<-appos compound
ghost<-det nmod
determine<-xcomp nsubj
wait<-xcomp aux
discipline<-case amod
Stanley<-compound
mail<-case compound
flesh<-det
smaller<-cop advmod ccomp
tell<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
return<-dobj mark
Friday<-appos
look<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
be<-xcomp expl nmod mark
have<-aux nsubj dobj advmod mark
go<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
trench<-acl det amod
billion<-case nmod
movie<-case
investor<-case det nmod
evidence<-case amod
pregnancy<-case
200,000<-cc conj
exception<-case det
63<-advmod
record<-det
sudden<-mark
happen<-nmod:tmod nsubj
higher<-advmod nmod
letter<-case det nmod
chairman<-case det nmod
time<-case det compound
rise<-dobj
finance<-case cc conj
subject<-cop advmod det nmod
grower<-case
fall<-nmod mark
scope<-det nmod
store<-compound det amod
Lavelle<-compound
cautious<-cop nsubj nmod mark
eliminate<-dobj nmod mark
consultant<-det nmod
inject<-nsubj advmod dobj mark
System<-case compound
index<-dep det amod
15<-case dep
earnings<-nummod amod
Birmingham<-case
member<-compound nmod amod
investor<-acl amod
willing<-xcomp cop advmod
sign<-advcl dobj mark
combine<-nmod dobj
include<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
willing<-xcomp cop advmod nsubj
price<-dep compound det amod
voter<-case amod
reserve<-det
alien<-case
enable<-xcomp dobj mark
dust<-case det acl
name<-aux dobj
introduce<-nsubj dobj mark
borrowing<-case amod
Board<-case det nmod
order<-xcomp aux dobj nsubj
dispute<-det nmod
commission<-case det
right<-dep cop nsubj
)<-nmod ccomp
program<-dep det compound
family<-case det amod
Markets<-case appos compound
supply<-nmod
set<-auxpass nmod
make<-ccomp nsubj compound:prt mark
work<-case nmod:poss
attorney<-compound
call<-advmod nmod nsubj
rise<-xcomp nsubj
become<-xcomp aux ccomp nsubj
volume<-case compound
president<-case det compound
concern<-case det nmod
embody<-dobj ccomp nsubj
veto<-case det amod
rights<-case amod
limit<-xcomp mark
development<-case amod
dollar<-case det compound
power<-det amod
481/4<-dep compound
sell<-case
prompt<-dobj
impressionist<-cc conj
consider<-nmod dobj
Enterprises<-compound
offer<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
have<-dep ccomp
salary<-det compound
limit<-case det nmod
index<-det nmod compound
much<-dep
exchange<-case det nmod
help<-aux dobj nsubj
lay<-aux advmod nsubj
route<-case nmod
2.3<-advmod
Guber<-case cc conj compound
company<-appos compound nmod:poss amod
charge<-nmod mark
exciting<-advmod
gas<-case amod
$<-dep nummod advmod nmod
2410<-case
term<-det compound
lead<-ccomp
plug<-dobj mark
source<-case det nmod
face<-aux nsubj dobj advcl
drop<-nmod:poss
S&L<-case compound
leave<-xcomp aux nsubj
pharmaceutical<-cc conj
investigation<-det nmod compound
end<-det nmod compound
funded<-advmod
share<-nmod:poss compound
you<-advmod
management<-nmod:poss amod
replete<-dep nmod
ground<-det
buy<-dobj nmod advmod mark
loss<-nmod:poss amod
introduce<-dep dobj
trader<-case compound
post<-compound
available<-dep
concern<-compound det amod
wield<-dobj
beginning<-case det
increase<-aux dobj nsubj
practice<-mark
debt<-case nmod
burden<-det nmod
put<-dep compound:prt dobj nsubj
shift<-dobj nmod mark
put<-aux dobj compound:prt nmod nsubj
spirit<-det
cover<-nmod
set<-dobj nmod mark
withdrawal<-det
yield<-case amod
regulator<-compound
build<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
spokesman<-nmod
home<-cc conj
11.13<-case dep
Quayle<-compound
offering<-dep det
Regan<-compound
proposal<-case compound
acquisition<-case det
magazine<-det nmod
say<-aux ccomp neg
change<-dep det
run<-det compound
bank<-case det nmod amod
attitude<-det amod
care<-nmod
failure<-compound
restaurant<-case
season<-case appos amod
take<-nsubj ccomp mark
approach<-dobj mark
Block<-case compound
year<-nmod
night<-nummod
think<-dep advmod nsubj
landing<-nmod mark
risk<-case compound
port<-cc conj
study<-dep
user<-case compound
index<-case det compound
study<-case nmod
earn<-dobj
radio<-case amod
doubling<-case det nmod
approval<-nmod amod
adviser<-compound
happen<-xcomp nsubj
Transportation<-case
surge<-det nmod
crime<-det
sell<-aux dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
lie<-nsubj cc advmod nmod mark conj
731/4<-dep nmod compound
)<-case nummod
maker<-det amod
pace<-case det amod
know<-dobj nmod mark
owner<-compound amod
intent<-case
Fournier<-case compound
decline<-cop det nmod nsubj
provision<-case
casualty<-dep
California<-dep
have<-cc conj ccomp
perception<-case det
break<-compound
get<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
more<-acl:relcl nmod
town<-det nmod
engage<-dobj ccomp nmod nsubj
both<-case
equipment<-case amod
value<-case compound
plan<-aux dobj nsubj
inflation<-cc conj
change<-cop det nmod amod
contribute<-nmod nsubj
employee<-case cc conj amod
planet<-det
slash<-aux dobj nsubj
space<-det
in<-cc conj
planning<-case compound
word<-case nmod amod
Freeman<-compound
culprit<-dep det amod
think<-neg ccomp nsubj
he<-case dep conj cc
base<-nmod:poss compound
1970<-case cc conj det amod
printer<-case acl:relcl det det:predet
Warner<-nmod
earnings<-dep amod
pass<-nsubj
head<-cop nmod
hold<-aux dobj nsubj
run<-case det nmod amod
sell<-nmod advcl
shuttle<-det
due<-cop advmod nmod
requisition<-det nmod compound
Ty<-compound
college<-case amod
open<-advmod
%<-case nummod nmod:tmod nmod
commit<-nmod nsubj
Kobe<-dep nsubj
own<-dobj mark
thing<-nummod
N.V.<-case compound
trigger<-nsubj ccomp mark
plane<-case det
creditor<-amod
Europe<-case cc conj compound
Corp.<-det compound
486<-dep det
Skase<-compound
high<-cc conj
retain<-xcomp nsubj
spread<-aux nsubj mark
Stockholm<-case cc conj
society<-case det
Banco<-case compound
extend<-dobj
politician<-dep
judge<-case nmod
mine<-case det
contrast<-dobj nmod mark
happen<-nmod mark
try<-mark
produce<-aux dobj nsubj
probe<-case det compound
arbitrage<-dep compound
deliberation<-case
trouble<-nmod
know<-advcl mark
people<-case nmod compound
review<-case cc conj amod
recover<-dobj nsubj
Phelan<-case compound
street<-case det nmod
Inc.<-case dep compound
receive<-aux compound:prt nmod nsubj
shop<-compound
likelihood<-det nmod
series<-case amod
loss<-compound nmod amod
cause<-dep det compound
amount<-case det nmod
convict<-dobj mark
stem<-nsubj nmod mark
apply<-aux nmod nsubj
FDA<-det
state<-det amod
rock<-cop nmod
venture<-case det amod
Hunt<-case
secretary<-nummod amod
cost<-dep aux dobj nsubj
weapon<-det
system<-case nmod:poss compound
performer<-case amod
fall<-case det nmod amod
freedom<-case compound
(<-advcl
year<-case cc nummod conj nmod
company<-compound acl:relcl amod
go<-dep nmod nsubj
say<-nsubj cc neg ccomp aux conj
Congress<-dep
commitment<-compound amod
sign<-neg nmod
certainly<-advmod
tape<-case det
business<-compound nmod:poss amod
certain<-case nmod
balance<-case
adopt<-dobj nsubj
achieve<-dobj nsubj
reality<-dep det
highway<-case det amod
page<-nummod appos
Cranston<-case compound
restore<-dobj mark
all<-cc conj
product<-det nmod amod
have<-xcomp aux ccomp nsubj
cut<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
default<-compound
break<-nmod mark
Pearce<-compound
role<-nmod:poss
source<-det nmod
loss<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
own<-parataxis dobj nmod nsubj
liability<-amod
disturb<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
breaker<-compound
majority<-case det nmod amod
meet<-cc conj dobj mark
three<-det
Mushkat<-case compound
war<-det nmod compound
threaten<-xcomp advmod nsubj
look<-cop advmod acl nmod nsubj
director<-cc conj
ask<-xcomp nsubj dobj mark
need<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
cleaner<-case compound det amod
sure<-aux cop nsubj ccomp advcl
ago<-nmod:npmod nmod
c<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
rating<-dep
slew<-case det nmod
earnings<-dep nummod
product<-acl:relcl det
call<-nummod compound
communication<-amod
trader<-nummod
Loom<-case det
reference<-nmod
bid<-case det acl
quarter<-case dep det amod
start<-advmod ccomp nsubj
point<-case det nmod compound
gain<-dep det compound
stay<-nmod nsubj
concern<-amod det compound
Doyle<-compound
statement<-det nmod amod
line<-det nmod amod
metal<-case det
find<-aux nsubj dobj mark
three-year<-cc conj
get<-advcl compound:prt mark
repair<-case
investigation<-case
resale<-case nmod
she<-acl:relcl
return<-nmod
go<-xcomp aux nsubj neg mark
car<-nmod:poss
engage<-aux nmod
planner<-det nmod amod
quake<-case cc conj det det:predet
produce<-nmod dobj
statement<-nmod
build<-dobj nmod nsubj
job<-nsubj
party<-case det compound
testify<-nmod mark
speech<-case nmod:poss nmod
job<-det amod
come<-parataxis compound:prt nmod nsubj
portfolio<-case nmod:poss
see<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
unchanged<-cop nsubj
handle<-dobj nsubj
share<-case cc nummod conj amod
building<-nmod
complaint<-det
plummet<-dobj nsubj
prospect<-det nmod
Council<-case det nmod compound
gain<-case compound amod
humor<-det nmod
Valley<-case det compound
case<-cop det neg
target<-cop det nmod nsubj
unit<-compound det amod
spend<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
remain<-xcomp ccomp nsubj
work<-aux nmod
company<-case cc conj compound amod
use<-advmod dobj mark
family<-case det compound
company<-dep compound
need<-xcomp aux nsubj neg mark
reaction<-cop det amod
cover<-nsubj advcl dobj mark
pregnancy<-det
ad<-case
minister<-dep det
father<-nmod:poss
agreement<-amod
brain<-det
%<-cop nummod nsubj
undermine<-aux nsubj dobj mark
delay<-case det
rise<-compound det amod
10028/32<-case
help<-aux nmod
put<-dobj advmod mark
deprive<-nmod dobj
Marcos<-compound
amount<-case det nmod amod
suggest<-ccomp mark
join<-nmod mark
part<-case amod
manage<-advmod dobj
run<-xcomp nsubj
lower<-dobj nmod nsubj
question<-ccomp nsubj
old<-nmod:npmod advmod
revenue<-compound amod
smaller<-nmod
alliance<-case det
Dubois<-compound
strike<-case det nmod
character<-det acl
yesterday<-nmod amod
include<-nsubj
hope<-case
speech<-det
(<-compound amod nsubj
hard<-advmod nmod
Burford<-compound
nation<-case det nmod
development<-det nmod
standard<-nmod
policy<-compound det nmod amod
report<-case compound
sale<-cc conj nmod
belief<-case dep det
Iran-Contra<-case
show<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
sort<-case det
bet<-ccomp nsubj
Sherwin<-case compound
design<-acl
expand<-nmod dobj
reading<-nmod
landslide<-dep det
boy<-compound det amod
control<-amod
matter<-nmod:poss amod
expire<-nsubj mark
compete<-mark
encourage<-xcomp dobj nsubj
airline<-case det compound
everyone<-acl:relcl
transaction<-case compound amod
panic<-case
set<-acl:relcl det nmod
inherent<-nmod
retreat<-nmod compound
sell<-cop nmod nsubj
get<-aux nmod neg nsubj
lender<-case
section<-case det nmod amod
Arafat<-case compound
speak<-nmod mark
oversee<-nmod dobj
invest<-dobj nmod nsubj
trade<-cc conj
create<-nsubj dobj mark
goal<-case det
import<-cc conj
withdraw<-dobj
worker<-case compound amod
be<-dep advmod advcl
panel<-case det
client<-compound
purchase<-case nmod
order<-acl det compound
effort<-case acl nmod:poss amod
Mayor<-case compound
support<-case amod
join<-aux dobj nsubj
floor<-det nmod
debate<-nmod
judge<-dep det
speaker<-case det
creature<-det amod
meeting<-det nmod amod
ownership<-case
finding<-det
rather<-cc
settlement<-case nmod
shareholder<-case det amod
resource<-det nmod
instruct<-xcomp dobj nsubj
close<-advmod nsubj
stock<-case nmod:poss compound
survive<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
post<-case nmod:poss
government<-case compound
high<-det nmod
life<-case nmod
paper<-case det
quarter<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss amod
risk<-compound det amod
expand<-xcomp mark
proposal<-det acl
plunge<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
rights<-case nmod compound
relative<-nmod
blame<-dobj mark
run<-aux ccomp nsubj
will<-det acl
speculation<-compound
all<-nsubj
scientist<-dep
activity<-det
move<-advmod nsubj
Institution<-case det compound
meet<-advmod nmod nsubj
plain<-det amod
government<-nmod:poss
recorder<-det compound
file<-nmod dobj
cost<-nmod:poss compound
$<-nummod det amod
hemorrhage<-aux nmod nsubj
money<-nmod amod
year<-case acl
make<-nsubj dobj advcl
lead<-case compound
secondary<-cc conj
head<-case det compound
promote<-dobj nmod mark
bring<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
forecast<-case nmod amod
introduce<-advmod dobj nsubj
display<-case amod
plant<-case dep det amod
resign<-nmod
level<-amod
studio<-det amod
introduction<-det
circle<-case amod
underwriter<-case cc conj
pass<-ccomp
cocaine<-case
wait<-xcomp nsubj
Fund<-compound
success<-det nmod
get<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
company<-cc cop conj det amod
Workers<-case det compound
shareholder<-case compound
market<-case appos det amod
deduction<-det
cite<-ccomp nsubj
fortune<-det nmod
hold<-advmod nsubj
Maxima<-acl:relcl det amod
Kuwait<-case
lie<-advmod advcl
want<-parataxis dobj nsubj
predict<-auxpass nmod
sell<-xcomp nsubj
expose<-advcl nsubj
shift<-case det compound
acquisition<-case amod
investment<-case compound amod
alliance<-amod
yield<-case compound det nmod amod
available<-cop advmod nmod
last<-dep
question<-amod
2.375<-dep
investment<-det amod
report<-compound amod
offset<-advmod dobj mark
argue<-advmod ccomp
movie<-dep det
Arabic<-case
peak<-case det nmod
base<-aux nmod
account<-case dep amod
reduce<-advcl dobj mark
three<-cc conj
mount<-dobj mark
extent<-det nmod amod
debt<-case cc conj amod
requirement<-det compound
reach<-dobj mark
meet<-cc conj dobj
truck<-nummod amod
charge<-case
year<-appos advmod det
committee<-case det
trading<-dep compound
Maine<-case
develop<-advmod dobj mark
important<-advmod nmod
draw<-dobj nsubj
{<-dobj
airplane<-case amod
28<-advmod
stock<-dep amod
certificate<-case compound amod
station<-case det compound
trading<-case compound nmod amod
strong<-advmod
matter<-aux neg nsubj
)<-case dep nummod amod compound
credibility<-nmod:poss
Office<-det compound
cut<-case cc det amod compound conj
due<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
do<-xcomp mark
finance<-dobj nmod mark
spend<-dobj iobj nsubj
market<-case dep det amod
ministry<-case det
know<-cc conj nmod nsubj
extension<-det nmod
center<-case compound amod
Nations<-case det compound
actor<-det
have<-advmod nsubj dobj nmod mark
reduce<-aux nmod nsubj
expectation<-nmod:poss
have<-advmod
package<-det nmod
ban<-det
model<-det compound
departure<-dep nmod:poss
the<-case acl
treatment<-det
monitor<-aux nsubj dobj mark
trading<-det
prevent<-advcl dobj nsubj
sell<-aux nmod advcl
combination<-case det nmod
yen<-nummod nmod
qualify<-nmod mark
opportunity<-case nmod
power<-cc conj
tough<-nmod
be<-aux advmod neg nsubj
contract<-case nummod compound amod
lending<-case
be<-cc conj nsubj advmod mark
loyalty<-case
investment<-case nmod amod
year<-nummod acl:relcl
worker<-compound det amod
help<-case
partner<-det
guideline<-det
fail<-xcomp
failure<-nmod:poss acl
schedule<-case compound det amod
enter<-dobj
go<-xcomp nsubj mark
resignation<-case nmod:poss
confident<-cop advmod ccomp
Mother<-compound
extent<-case det nmod
1930<-case det
party<-nmod:poss
arb<-det
drive<-case compound
make<-xcomp nmod nsubj
withdraw<-nmod nsubj
argument<-case
estimate<-case compound det nmod amod
note<-nsubj ccomp
fall<-nmod compound:prt
speed<-amod
shift<-dobj
three-quarter<-nmod
Goodson<-case
defense<-case
profit-taking<-case
sell<-nsubj dobj mark
success<-case nmod:poss
East<-compound
gallon<-nummod nmod
perceive<-auxpass nmod
force<-cop advmod acl nsubj
system<-cc conj det compound
girlfriend<-det amod
building<-case det nmod
testimony<-case
December<-case nummod
result<-case det compound
cut<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
quality<-case det nmod
have<-dobj iobj nsubj
say<-aux nsubj
Cross<-det compound
bit<-det nmod
unusual<-cop nsubj
catch<-dobj mark
trade<-dep aux nsubj mark
Crusaders<-det
interview<-det
hit<-dobj nsubj
Gauguin<-det
agency<-compound det amod
fight<-det
Union<-case compound
give<-ccomp
republican<-amod
conviction<-det
tea<-cc conj
institution<-det
(<-compound det amod
car<-case cc conj
sell<-aux mark
grain<-case det nmod
encouraging<-dobj mark
$<-aux nummod cop advmod nsubj
chain<-amod
cycle<-case det
boy<-case det amod
Columbia<-case compound
reject<-ccomp nsubj
spending<-case
remain<-xcomp nsubj nmod mark
be<-xcomp expl mark
union<-amod det compound
end<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
way<-cop acl det amod
bid<-cc conj nmod mark
turn<-case det compound
require<-dobj mark
feature<-det
Chemical<-case
trader<-nmod compound
plan<-case compound
estimate<-dep det
continue<-xcomp aux nsubj advcl
make<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
possibility<-amod
cover<-dobj nsubj
lease<-compound
benefit<-case compound amod
enter<-advcl dobj mark
like<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
laugh<-nmod
unravel<-advcl nsubj
mother<-case det
get<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
company<-case acl:relcl det
Eurocom<-cc conj
job<-nmod
Pact<-det compound
ought<-xcomp nsubj mark
staff<-dep
threat<-nmod:poss acl
job<-det nmod amod
swell<-dobj nsubj
offering<-compound
notion<-case det
Olivetti<-case
Inspectorate<-case
gap<-case det nmod
end<-aux compound:prt ccomp nsubj
reflect<-dobj
use<-case nmod
photo<-nmod compound
sell<-dep dobj
valuable<-advmod
live<-aux nmod nsubj
adopt<-dobj nmod mark
witness<-case
Wisconsin<-case
eye<-case det
drop<-cc conj dobj nsubj
Chamber<-det nmod compound
cigarette<-case cc conj
talk<-det nmod det:predet
PLO<-det
acre<-case nummod nmod
reduction<-case det nmod
unit<-case
direction<-case det nmod amod
activist<-amod
treaty<-det
complete<-cop nmod mark
member<-det nmod amod
allegation<-case
restriction<-case compound amod
call<-cc conj nmod
Aeroflot<-case cc conj
position<-acl:relcl det
%<-dep compound det amod
these<-case
Iron<-cc conj compound
go<-dobj nsubj
plunge<-dobj nsubj
embarrassment<-cop det nmod nsubj
prepare<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass
high<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
yield<-compound det amod
country<-case compound
publicize<-advmod
company<-amod det det:predet
low-margin<-cc conj
ease<-nmod dobj
part<-cop nmod nsubj
Whitten<-case compound
coup<-case nmod
grow<-xcomp nmod
own<-advmod nmod
it<-case nmod
Investigation<-case
pilot<-cc conj det compound
stop<-cc conj dobj mark
dna<-case
'60<-case dep conj cc
involvement<-case
district<-case nmod:poss amod
stock<-acl:relcl det nmod
Management<-case cc conj compound
index<-amod nmod:poss compound
reserve<-det nmod amod
Ehman<-compound
it<-cc conj
drop<-compound
acquire<-nmod:tmod nmod
share<-case nmod amod
say<-nsubj mark
go<-nmod ccomp
achieve<-dobj
house<-compound amod
Inc.<-appos nmod compound
facility<-compound
job<-nmod:poss
approach<-case det amod
hear<-dobj mark
battle<-det nmod
FAA<-det
close<-case
know<-aux ccomp nsubj
California<-case cc conj
lose<-nmod:tmod dobj
sell<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj aux mark
manager<-compound amod
sell<-iobj dobj
material<-case compound
bacterium<-case
role<-case dep nmod
get<-cc aux conj nmod nsubj
research<-case amod
bank<-compound det amod
target<-cc conj dobj mark
write<-dep
agency<-case compound det amod
plight<-case acl:relcl det amod
common<-advmod
follow<-nsubj dobj mark
earthquake<-case det compound
sense<-det amod
head<-det nmod
bid<-case det compound
allow<-nsubj ccomp mark
INC.<-appos compound
commission<-acl amod
income<-case compound
shareholder<-compound
health<-nmod:poss
hick<-det amod
almost<-nmod:npmod
write<-nmod
expose<-dobj
amount<-acl:relcl det nmod
regulate<-dobj nmod mark
Federated<-case cc conj det
dollar<-det amod
reserve<-nmod:poss
1988<-case dep nummod
you<-nsubj
year<-cc conj amod
representative<-case det
inflation<-case cc conj
teach<-dobj iobj mark
receive<-nsubj nmod mark
soon<-nmod:npmod
abortion<-compound
bill<-acl:relcl det
indicate<-nsubj mark
dress<-advmod mark
affect<-advmod dobj mark
effect<-det
curb<-det
pay<-dobj iobj nsubj
begin<-xcomp advmod nsubj
worker<-nmod compound
recent<-dep ccomp
trade<-nmod amod
appeal<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
seek<-advcl dobj mark
acceptable<-nmod
Miller<-compound
value<-compound amod
path<-det amod
television<-case nmod
claim<-nmod:poss
service<-det nmod compound
unit<-case nummod
magazine<-amod
decide<-nsubj ccomp nmod mark
takeover<-case
want<-xcomp nsubj advcl
publisher<-nmod
trail<-case
bond<-nummod amod det compound
holder<-nmod
playground<-case det nmod
schedule<-acl
give<-aux compound:prt dobj nsubj
amount<-neg nmod
approach<-det
researcher<-det compound
worry<-nmod nsubj
find<-cc conj nsubj dobj mark
able<-xcomp
prohibit<-dobj nmod nsubj
come<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
policy<-det nmod
element<-det nmod amod
party<-amod
finish<-compound
approve<-aux dobj nsubj
appear<-nmod
step<-nummod
exercise<-xcomp nsubj
price<-cop acl nsubj
rubble.a<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss amod
corner<-case det amod
knot<-case det nmod
reach<-dobj
clean<-advmod dobj compound:prt
win<-advmod nmod dobj
sidewalk<-case det
report<-cc conj dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
hand<-nmod nsubj
program<-dep amod
operation<-case compound amod
roll<-cc conj dobj compound:prt
hold<-xcomp aux nsubj nmod mark
build<-auxpass nsubjpass dobj
Hungary<-case
take<-aux dobj
play<-ccomp nsubj
%<-case nummod acl:relcl det
Congress<-case det amod
U.S.<-case cc conj
make<-dep dobj nsubj
interest<-det nmod compound
timing<-case det nmod
48<-appos nmod
oblivious<-nmod
rise<-aux dobj nsubj
currency<-det compound
cancer<-compound
come<-advmod nmod
come<-aux compound:prt nmod nsubj
have<-nsubj ccomp advmod advcl
build<-xcomp nsubj
volume<-det nmod
reason<-dep det
key<-nmod
agreement<-nmod compound
colleague<-amod
relate<-nsubj nmod mark
integration<-case compound
go<-aux nmod
marsh<-case cc conj
intend<-xcomp advmod nsubj
get<-advmod nmod mark
reason<-case det nmod
hope<-nmod amod
quarter<-det nmod
help<-aux dobj neg nsubj
draw<-dobj mark
use<-xcomp
elimination<-case det nmod
Industries<-appos compound
van<-case nmod amod
income<-nmod:poss nmod amod
1.05<-dep
sustain<-advcl dobj nsubj
4.25<-case dep
rule<-case det amod
Angeles<-compound
%<-case dep advmod compound
gain<-nmod:poss
school<-det amod
1963<-case
develop<-dep nsubj dobj mark
point<-case compound
week<-case appos det amod
end<-case dep det nmod
adopt<-dobj mark
electricity<-case
Trade<-case cc conj compound
fill<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
earnings<-case compound
AG<-case nmod compound
out<-cop nmod
Sutton<-compound
Monday<-case compound
go<-nmod dobj
expect<-xcomp nsubj advmod mark
question<-case nmod compound
confidence<-compound
Ake<-appos compound
leave<-nmod mark
report<-case compound nmod:poss amod
do<-dobj iobj nsubj
finance<-dobj
kind<-nmod
emphasis<-amod
Sachs<-compound
Fidelity<-case
decline<-dep det compound
look<-cc conj nmod nsubj
equity<-case amod
request<-det
stock<-case dep compound
law<-neg nmod
base<-cop nsubj nmod mark
income<-dep compound
block<-det nmod amod
investor<-dep compound
coupon<-det nmod
length<-det nmod
buyer<-det nmod
Azoff<-compound
Marcos<-case compound
chairman<-cop nmod nsubj
sale<-case dep nmod
Research<-compound
similar<-nmod
move<-nmod dobj
Roy<-case compound
profit<-nmod mark
top<-nmod compound:prt
sector<-case cc conj nmod:poss amod
let<-cc aux conj ccomp nsubj
able<-xcomp cop advmod nsubj
page<-compound
ruling<-case compound det amod
break<-case
hold<-det nmod compound
own<-nmod nsubj
have<-aux dobj ccomp nmod nsubj
spend<-xcomp nsubj
Chevrolet<-case
auction<-case det nmod
Jeffrey<-cc conj
virus<-case det
all<-acl
performance<-dep det amod
get<-nsubj neg advmod nmod dobj aux mark
shareholder<-amod
occur<-nsubj nmod mark
ownership<-case nmod
precaution<-case det amod
vote<-amod
bond<-dep det
close<-dobj mark
staff<-nmod:poss amod
banker<-det
go<-xcomp nmod nsubj
step<-nmod amod
Store<-dep compound
term<-case compound
spend<-nsubj dobj mark
when<-dep
Digital<-compound
begin<-nsubj dobj mark
holder<-det compound
price<-nmod acl
reason<-acl
suit<-det nmod
say<-dep nsubj ccomp
Mills<-case compound
fly<-dobj mark
Management<-case cc conj
want<-nmod nsubj
swamp<-dobj mark
certain<-xcomp cop
Chung<-case compound
promise<-case
%<-dep nummod nmod
site<-case compound
change<-case amod
sell<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
require<-xcomp nsubj dobj mark
hope<-ccomp
higher<-nmod:npmod cop advcl nsubj
support<-nmod compound
billion<-advmod
rate<-case nmod:poss compound
combination<-det nmod
gain<-nmod mark
wall<-det
win<-nmod dobj
school<-case amod
have<-advcl aux dobj neg nsubj
view<-cc conj
income<-case dep nmod amod
yen<-nummod advmod
99<-advmod
minicar<-dep
reduce<-nsubj dobj mark
reason<-det nmod
banking<-case amod
contract<-case compound det amod
range<-case compound
)<-dep nummod appos
force<-det nmod amod
achieve<-neg dobj nmod nsubj
move<-nmod:poss nmod amod
include<-dep nsubj dobj
vow<-xcomp nsubj
viable<-advmod
those<-cop acl:relcl
seem<-xcomp advmod nmod nsubj
do<-dep aux advmod dobj nsubj
crime<-case amod
Cleveland<-case
chip<-amod
court<-case nmod compound
achieve<-dobj nmod nsubj
program<-case acl:relcl det amod
colleague<-dep
ad<-nmod compound
form<-dobj nmod mark
come<-dobj nmod nsubj
force<-xcomp dobj mark
seek<-xcomp
compliance<-case
Center<-case det
note<-advmod ccomp nsubj
analyst<-advmod det nmod amod
likely<-xcomp cop advmod nmod nsubj
quarter<-case dep det
decline<-dep compound amod
last<-ccomp
transform<-dobj nmod mark
save<-dobj
plan<-nmod:poss nmod
team<-compound det nmod amod
commit<-nmod ccomp
source<-nmod
year<-case appos nmod:poss amod
carry<-aux dobj nsubj
Benson<-cc conj
price<-xcomp advmod nmod nsubj
article<-case det
personal<-advmod
not<-cc nmod
accident<-case det nmod
move<-nsubj dobj mark
campaign<-case det
put<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
Reagan<-dep compound
month<-case nummod det appos
Brands<-case compound
commit<-dobj mark
9<-advmod
apple<-case
operation<-compound amod
cost<-dobj nmod nsubj
machine<-case det
Treasurys<-case
GNP<-case
meet<-ccomp nsubj
crew<-compound
door<-case nmod:poss
increase<-compound det amod
currency<-dep amod
incentive<-case compound
television<-cc conj
resignation<-det
language<-case
branch<-case det
show<-compound:prt nsubj
gain<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
BankAmerica<-case
member<-nummod det
lead<-xcomp dobj
desert<-case det
put<-auxpass nmod dobj
cd<-case det amod
barrel<-case dep nummod
launch<-det compound
receive<-aux nmod nsubj
term<-case det nmod
1989<-case cc conj
share<-xcomp nmod nsubj
change.For<-dobj mark
be<-xcomp expl
1.75<-dep
thousand<-case
make<-advmod ccomp nsubj
circulation<-case
idea<-amod
refusal<-nmod:poss acl
indexing<-case
tax<-nmod
combat<-amod
realist<-nmod:poss
book<-dep det
ignore<-dobj
come<-advcl compound:prt mark
change<-aux dobj nsubj
fine<-det nmod amod
Baker<-dep compound
report<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
1970<-case appos det
delivery<-case amod
buyer<-det amod
believe<-xcomp
leader<-case det amod
way<-case cop ccomp neg nsubj
committee<-case compound det amod
production<-nmod:poss
Georgia-Pacific<-case
reason<-nummod acl:relcl
rise<-dobj nmod mark
Northeast<-case
loan<-case cc conj
Africa<-case
barrier<-det amod
be<-aux advmod nsubj neg mark
decade<-nummod
balk<-nmod nsubj
concern<-case det
Diego<-case compound
liability<-nmod:poss
platinum<-compound
EDS<-case
doctor<-cc conj
2.75<-dep
replete<-nmod
magazine<-dep det
future<-case cc conj
agency<-nmod compound
Manhattan<-compound
boast<-nmod
deadline<-det
no.<-case nummod compound
State<-case
less<-cop nsubj cc nmod mark conj
trade<-advmod nsubj
expire<-nmod:tmod mark
(<-case nmod compound
certificate<-nmod
reduction<-advmod det nmod amod
control<-nmod amod
contract<-det nmod amod
Phelan<-compound
sand<-case
South<-case det
fund<-case nmod
feel<-xcomp mark
donation<-det
keep<-advmod ccomp
Congress<-cc conj
apart<-advmod
unit<-compound nmod amod
Ogilvy<-cc conj
resolve<-aux nsubj advmod nmod mark
few<-det
right<-det compound
boost<-det nmod amod
rise<-det
decision<-amod
what<-nmod
put<-compound:prt dobj nmod mark
japanese<-case det
industry<-case nmod:poss compound
wait<-aux nmod
judge<-case amod
analyst<-cc conj
comment<-nmod:poss
principle<-case
Shearson<-case
%<-case cc nummod conj amod
fall<-cop nsubj mark
call<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj
Petroleum<-compound
advertising<-case amod
courtyard<-case det
mean<-advcl nsubj
significant<-advmod
steal<-auxpass nsubjpass mark
center<-case det nmod amod
agency<-dep amod
practice<-det nmod
Baker<-case
293/4<-dep compound
copy<-nummod nmod
chip<-det
specialist<-case det compound
member<-cop det nmod
apple<-case compound
Shicoff<-compound
forge<-dobj nmod mark
weaken<-dobj
interest<-case nmod
pressure<-case
plan<-advmod mark
vote<-nmod:tmod nmod mark
incentive<-det amod
look<-ccomp nsubj
reach<-aux nmod neg nsubj
area<-det nmod amod
bond<-acl:relcl amod
eye<-case det nmod
create<-advmod
(<-nsubj dobj mark
company<-advmod det compound
U.K.<-case det
suggest<-aux ccomp nsubj
produce<-nmod
strong<-cop
sense<-det nmod
judge<-case det compound
request<-nmod:poss nmod amod
argument<-nmod:poss
ceiling<-det
mirror<-dobj nsubj
Noriega<-dep compound
provide<-advcl nsubj
)<-dep nummod nmod
president<-compound nmod:poss amod
$<-cop nummod nsubj
II<-compound
stop<-nsubj dobj mark
task<-det nmod
feel<-dobj
contend<-cc ccomp nsubj
market<-nmod amod
promise<-amod
minister<-compound
way<-neg
design<-compound det amod
stabilize<-ccomp
gold<-case
show<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
thief<-det
game<-case det amod
home<-case det amod
$<-case nmod:npmod nummod
he<-dep acl:relcl
show<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
review<-case nmod
portrayal<-nmod amod
rumor<-dep
retreat<-nmod mark
default<-nmod
file<-ccomp nmod nsubj
discount<-case
card<-det
reduce<-ccomp
match<-dobj
progress<-nmod:poss
believe<-xcomp nsubj
Co.<-dep compound
week<-advmod det amod
Index<-nmod:poss compound
analyze<-ccomp mark
system<-nmod:poss amod
remedy<-nmod
fashion<-case amod
refinery<-det
attorney<-case compound
emotion<-case amod
goods<-case
fail<-xcomp aux nsubj advmod mark
speculator<-case nmod
fight<-cc conj compound:prt dobj nsubj
stay<-xcomp nsubj
fund<-case amod
reject<-dobj nsubj
buy<-aux dobj neg nsubj
dog<-amod
play<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
Amoco<-case
purchase<-dobj nsubj
resignation<-nmod
198<-case dep
buy<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
newspaper<-compound
House<-cc conj det compound
Deloitte<-case cc conj
privilege<-det
hire<-nmod nsubj
damage<-compound amod
pill<-det
show<-det amod
year<-case nmod amod
have<-case xcomp
Datapoint<-case
get<-dobj compound:prt mark
Abramson<-compound
party<-det compound
turnover<-case nmod
get<-nmod nsubj
drain<-compound:prt
20<-dep
surprise<-amod
control<-nmod:poss
achieve<-dobj mark
legislation<-dep det amod
climb<-dobj
framer<-det nmod
Pont<-case compound
move<-xcomp advmod nsubj
prevent<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
drop<-advmod nsubj
operate<-advmod
offer<-xcomp advmod nsubj
Pilson<-case compound
Life<-cc conj compound
refuse<-xcomp aux nsubj
authority<-case det amod
inquiry<-case amod
close<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
investor<-case nmod
fee<-acl:relcl
barrel<-dep case nummod
bonus<-case compound
agreement<-dep det
educate<-dobj mark
conspire<-xcomp mark
23<-dep nmod compound
ask<-xcomp nmod
partner<-det amod
)<-compound advmod det acl:relcl amod
adorn<-xcomp
head<-case
equity<-nmod:poss
normal<-case
flow<-compound
turn<-xcomp compound:prt nsubj
95/8<-case
Madison<-compound
state<-nummod
country<-case det acl
Connaught<-case
advance<-cop nmod
demand<-dobj
trading<-case amod nmod compound
part<-acl
announce<-advcl dobj
buying<-case det
25,000<-case dep
issue<-ccomp nsubj
time<-case dep det amod
time<-nummod advmod
year<-case dep det amod
slide<-dep compound
loan<-nmod amod
consider<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
availability<-det nmod
embarrass<-nmod
string<-case det nmod
investigation<-case det amod
survive<-nsubj mark
position<-det amod
pass<-dobj compound:prt
all<-advmod
open<-dobj nmod mark
table<-det compound
likely<-xcomp cop advcl
city<-case det nmod amod
ability<-case amod
conduct<-case nmod:poss
company<-advmod nmod:poss amod
later<-advmod
unhappy<-cop nmod mark
opportunity<-compound det nmod amod
1.125<-dep
profitability<-case nmod
investment<-det nmod
crisis<-case det amod
million<-case advmod nmod compound
Parks<-cc conj compound
ask<-xcomp nsubj dobj advcl
action<-nummod amod
acquisition<-case det nmod amod
education<-case
incline<-xcomp aux cop nsubj advcl
measure<-nummod nmod
Index<-case det compound
lower<-cop advmod nmod
a<-case det
guy<-acl:relcl det
have<-advcl advmod dobj nmod nsubj
proposal<-case det acl
interested<-aux ccomp nsubj compound:prt mark
more<-cop nmod
think<-dobj nsubj
economy<-nmod:poss amod
get<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
governor<-case nmod
combine<-nmod
Vegas<-compound
(<-advmod
raise<-dobj iobj nsubj
predict<-nmod:tmod dobj
debenture<-case nmod amod
director<-nummod det amod
measure<-det compound
portfolio<-nmod:poss
hesitate<-xcomp nsubj
resignation<-det nmod
company<-case appos det
compete<-dobj
vote<-case acl det compound
October<-case amod
luxury<-cc conj
survey<-det nmod amod
rise<-ccomp nmod nsubj
have<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
enormous<-cop
include<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
spend<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
RTC<-det
$<-case nummod nmod:poss nmod
penalty<-case det compound
Series<-det
substitute<-dep aux nsubj dobj ccomp
guarantee<-compound amod
go<-advmod
elect<-dobj nmod mark
participant<-nmod
create<-nsubj nmod mark
power<-nmod:poss compound
leave<-mark
Vogelstein<-compound
line<-compound det acl det:predet
attempt<-cop acl nmod nsubj
Pictures<-case compound
wisdom<-amod
bed<-case
fall<-advmod nmod
document<-case
charity<-case
call<-dep nsubj
Freeway<-case det compound
both<-nmod
amendment<-det amod
Entertainment<-case compound
)<-case cc nummod amod compound conj
firm<-case compound det amod
impact<-amod
affect<-advmod dobj nsubj
production<-amod
'80<-case det
field<-det
spend<-aux ccomp nsubj
deal<-dep det
volume<-compound nmod amod
adjustment<-nmod
anything<-advmod
representation<-case
person<-case nummod
district<-amod
effectiveness<-nmod:poss
closely<-advmod
notice<-det nmod
insurer<-dep
Europe<-case nmod
stage<-det
firm<-case compound amod
host<-case det nmod
trouble<-det
help<-ccomp nsubj
effort<-nmod:poss
study<-ccomp mark
firm<-case det nmod
gain<-nummod nmod compound
home<-nmod
prospects<-case nmod:poss amod
line<-case cop nmod
ready<-xcomp cop
consider<-xcomp aux
price<-case compound acl amod
win<-nmod nsubj
boat<-det acl
beneficiary<-det amod
road<-case det
power<-case nmod
receive<-dobj mark
bike<-det
responsible<-advcl
give<-aux dobj nsubj
Masson<-case compound
quarter<-case cop advmod det amod
Farm<-compound
money<-det nmod
topple<-dobj mark
expensive<-advmod nsubj
rate<-xcomp nsubj
machine<-det det:predet
lack<-nmod
Museum<-det nmod compound
Hill<-case det
revenue<-cc conj
maneuver<-case
fall<-aux nsubj
emergency<-case det
remain<-cc xcomp nsubj
hold<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
federal<-cc conj
farm<-compound amod
decision<-appos det amod
model<-amod
create<-compound:prt nmod dobj
city<-case amod
small<-cc conj
sale<-nmod:poss compound
regulator<-case
couple<-case det nmod
carrier<-nummod det
Kageyama<-compound
plan<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
product<-case cc conj amod
poster<-dep det
progress<-amod
prepare<-xcomp
deliver<-aux nmod mark
fall<-dobj
work<-cc conj nmod mark
see<-aux ccomp nmod nsubj
drop<-dep det
manufacturing<-case
plan<-case nmod:poss compound
find<-aux dobj nsubj
Enfield<-case
convince<-ccomp
become<-xcomp aux nmod
expect<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
home<-det
track<-dobj nsubj
go<-xcomp nsubj cc mark aux conj
seem<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
look<-ccomp
drive<-compound amod
government<-cc conj
Stores<-compound
go<-cop nmod nsubj
manager<-compound acl:relcl amod
lower<-cop nmod
complete<-dobj mark
premium<-det nmod amod
pass<-dobj nsubj
assassination<-compound det amod
share<-nmod nsubj
do<-aux nmod nsubj
CFCs<-case
program<-dep det
stroke<-case advmod det nmod amod
contribute<-nmod
far<-advcl
allow<-dobj nsubj
bidder<-nmod amod
decline<-nsubj dobj mark
gene<-nummod det
attractive<-advmod nmod nsubj
attribute<-ccomp nsubj
figure<-nmod:poss
nerve<-compound
date<-det compound
rights<-nmod amod
team<-case
champion<-nmod amod
stem<-dobj nmod mark
fall<-cc conj dobj nsubj
model<-case amod
flow<-case compound amod
action<-compound amod
Fujis<-case
tell<-parataxis dobj nsubj
computer<-acl:relcl det
build<-nmod
picture<-nmod
machine<-dep
invitation<-nmod
prompt<-xcomp dobj
rule<-case
contribution<-compound
sale<-nmod:poss nmod
wonder<-ccomp mark
burden<-amod
complete<-cop nsubj mark
four<-det
swear<-xcomp aux nsubj
offering<-case det nmod amod
London<-case cc conj
outstanding<-case nmod:npmod
record<-case compound nmod amod
run<-nmod nsubj
manage<-advmod
flat<-cop nmod nsubj
force<-xcomp dobj nsubj
note<-ccomp nmod nsubj
indicate<-nsubj ccomp mark
back<-case det
spend<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj advcl aux
hold<-dep dobj nsubj
brand<-case amod
necessary<-xcomp aux cop nsubj
impulse<-acl:relcl compound
executive<-det amod
1920<-case det
process<-case det nmod amod
International<-case nmod compound
month<-nummod advmod
penalty<-det compound
go<-nsubj advmod mark
have<-xcomp aux nsubj advmod mark
Sherwin<-compound
south<-nmod
president<-case compound nmod amod
half-empty<-nmod nsubj
move<-nmod compound:prt
make<-advmod nmod
set<-det nmod amod
remain<-xcomp advcl nsubj
system<-case det nmod amod
side<-case det nmod amod
importance<-det nmod
give<-dep dobj
acquire<-advmod
slow<-nmod
defendant<-case amod
campaign<-nmod amod
moment<-case det nmod
take<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
mind<-case nmod:poss
studio<-det
borrow<-dobj mark
fail<-xcomp nmod nsubj
nature<-det nmod
come<-nsubj cc advmod compound:prt aux conj
identify<-advcl nsubj advmod ccomp
statement<-dep det
operation<-det amod
premium<-case det nmod amod
post<-dobj nsubj
basket<-det
growth<-nmod:poss amod
House<-case appos det compound
he<-case acl:relcl
Sharon<-case
criticism<-det
have<-cc aux ccomp nsubj
find<-advcl dobj mark
investment<-case compound
sell<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj advcl aux
tie<-case compound
win<-dobj advmod mark
assumption<-det
set<-det nmod
Coleman<-compound
example<-case dep
price<-cop nsubj nmod advcl
Sony<-dep
fight<-compound:prt dobj mark
cause<-advcl dobj
offering<-case det compound
high<-dep cop nsubj advmod mark
develop<-nmod nsubj
newcomer<-det nmod
include<-aux dobj nmod neg nsubj
vehicle<-det
consider<-advmod ccomp nsubj
Volokh<-case compound
line<-case det nmod
merchant<-det compound
city<-nummod nmod
yield<-nmod nsubj
mark<-dobj nmod nsubj
wait<-cop nmod
system<-compound det nmod amod
forecast<-dobj nmod nsubj
question<-case det acl
get<-xcomp nmod nsubj
much<-cop advmod nmod
difference<-case nmod compound
mean<-aux ccomp nsubj
gain<-case cc conj compound
cut<-nmod nsubj
executive<-case
price<-acl:relcl compound
cross<-cc conj dobj compound:prt
kylix<-det
advancer<-compound
mail<-cc conj amod
corn<-cc conj
president<-nmod:poss nmod
sweeping<-advmod
keep<-ccomp nsubj
suspect<-nsubj ccomp mark
Daly<-compound
decline<-compound det nmod amod
willing<-xcomp cop nmod nsubj
officer<-nmod compound
force<-aux nsubj advcl mark
man<-amod
be<-xcomp cc conj
May<-case appos
word<-nmod
Beach<-compound
say<-aux advmod ccomp neg nsubj
promise<-case nmod
have<-nsubj advmod dobj mark
fax<-case
issue<-compound det nmod amod
activity<-case compound amod
economy<-nmod:poss
pro<-cc conj
Inc.<-compound amod
wound<-det nmod
4.375<-dep nmod
cease-fire<-det
know<-dobj nmod nsubj
gain<-case det nmod
share<-nmod dobj
get<-cc conj nmod dobj
premium<-det amod
report<-compound
worker<-cc conj
weakness<-case
Thornburgh<-compound
slash<-dobj nmod mark
Nestle<-case
attempt<-xcomp
ask<-xcomp aux
reveal<-dobj nsubj
(<-case nummod
conviction<-nmod
issue<-xcomp nsubj
reduction<-case det nmod amod
Agency<-case det compound
yesterday<-nmod
yield<-det
pilot<-dep
counter<-nmod
leg<-case det compound
urge<-det acl
write<-dobj nmod mark
emphasize<-dobj
gathering<-det nmod
production<-det
man<-det nmod amod
Netherlands<-det
widen<-nmod nsubj
18<-advmod
rise<-case compound amod
deal<-cop nmod
price<-compound det amod
Vandenberg<-cc conj
amount<-amod det nmod det:predet
leader<-case nmod:poss
holder<-det nmod amod
grow<-advmod
Cap<-case
Montreal<-case
more<-cop nmod nsubj
slightly<-nmod
be<-nsubj advmod advcl
unit<-case amod nmod:poss compound
seek<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
seem<-advmod nsubj
do<-nsubj ccomp mark
question<-nsubj ccomp mark
skin<-case compound
Mexico<-case cc conj
negotiate<-nmod mark
dip<-dobj nsubj
Bear<-case cc conj
hedge<-nmod amod
produce<-advmod dobj
producer<-nummod det
outcome<-case det nmod
system<-case det compound
see<-aux dobj neg
pistil<-det
headquarters<-nmod:poss
attitude<-dep det
income<-amod nmod compound
time<-cop advmod det acl
stuff<-dobj nmod nsubj
increase<-dep compound amod
face<-dobj
Gold<-compound
nothing<-cop advmod acl:relcl
enable<-aux dobj nsubj
war<-case det
end<-nmod:tmod nsubj
provide<-advmod dobj nsubj
ahead<-nmod:npmod nmod
expansion<-compound det amod
America<-case cc conj compound
problem<-case compound det amod
look<-aux nmod nsubj
tie<-nmod dobj
institution<-dep
machine<-compound
system<-dep amod
document<-dobj
suspect<-ccomp nsubj
spend<-dobj nmod mark
see<-nmod dobj
expect<-aux nsubj mark
project<-case det nmod
13<-case
collapse<-det nmod
brimstone<-cc conj compound
sale<-case nmod compound
official<-case det amod
slip<-advmod nmod nsubj
launch<-dobj
flee<-dep nmod dobj
grow<-nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
ban<-det amod
gainer<-case cop advmod nsubj
demand<-det nmod compound
force<-case nmod:poss compound
Exchange<-case det nmod compound
cut<-nmod dobj
hair<-case amod
23<-advmod
reputation<-nmod:poss
stand<-xcomp nsubj
Commons<-case
student<-compound
write<-advmod nsubj
officer<-case det compound
use<-xcomp dobj mark
newspaper<-dep
run<-det amod
future<-amod
share<-case det nmod amod
belong<-nmod nsubj
release<-case compound
often<-advmod advcl
manager<-compound det amod
use<-dobj nmod nsubj
estimate<-cop nmod
pressure<-det nmod
reduce<-xcomp
relationship<-case det nmod amod
head<-det nmod amod
capacity<-compound
heed<-dobj mark
Arby<-case
publish<-nmod
assert<-ccomp nsubj
loan<-case compound amod
couple<-det
warrant<-nummod amod
car<-case nmod amod
indicate<-cc conj ccomp nsubj
mate<-case nmod:poss compound
document<-det
wait<-xcomp aux nmod neg nsubj
he<-cc acl:relcl
she<-case dep
call<-case dep
announce<-ccomp nmod:tmod nsubj
show<-case dep det compound
agency<-case acl:relcl det
all<-neg nmod
think<-advmod nmod nsubj
include<-dep dobj
maker<-compound nmod:poss amod
matter<-aux advcl neg nsubj
theater<-det
legislator<-det
make<-nmod:tmod nmod
close<-cop nmod nsubj
now<-case cc advmod
patient<-det
remain<-aux nmod nsubj
win<-advmod dobj nsubj
Monday<-advmod
Ramada<-case
start<-dobj nsubj
clean<-compound:prt dobj mark
get<-aux dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
move<-amod
lose<-xcomp aux nsubj
Conn.<-case compound
cite<-dobj nmod nsubj
Espectador<-case compound
year<-case nummod det compound
voice<-amod
payment<-case nmod
hand<-case cc conj det
profit<-dep amod
beta<-dep
leader<-case det nmod
receive<-ccomp nmod nsubj
show<-advmod ccomp nsubj
enjoy<-dobj nmod nsubj
representative<-nmod
operate<-nmod dobj
gain<-amod
plate<-case det
law<-case det compound
Stick<-det
company<-acl:relcl compound
Texans<-amod
install<-advmod
report<-case compound det amod
purpose<-nmod:poss
Western<-case compound
way<-case dep nmod
million.Senator<-compound
risk<-case cc conj amod
trend<-det amod
Stearns<-case compound
Fed<-dep det
get<-aux compound:prt nmod dobj
net<-nmod compound
house<-cc conj det
Dow<-case det
lead<-ccomp nsubj
file<-case compound det nmod amod
follow<-ccomp nsubj
coverage<-compound
CFTC<-det
staffer<-nmod
market<-cop det amod
insurance<-amod
offer<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
game<-det amod
policy<-case compound
selling<-amod
bid<-dobj nmod nsubj
measurement<-nmod:poss compound
willingness<-case nmod:poss acl
accuse<-ccomp nsubj
level<-det
wisdom<-det amod
accrue<-ccomp
picture<-det nmod
banking<-case
health<-det nmod
growth<-case appos amod
account<-case
group<-case nmod:poss compound
interest<-cop nmod amod
price<-cc conj compound
blow<-det nmod
takeover<-case det
difficult<-xcomp cop nsubj mark
camera<-det
wall<-case nmod:poss compound
committee<-det amod
pressing<-advmod
give<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
view<-case nmod:poss
see<-aux ccomp neg nsubj
toxin<-case det
2009<-case
get<-advmod nmod
)<-nmod:npmod nsubj
Gorbachev<-case compound amod
search<-det nmod
policy<-dep nmod:poss
slide<-dobj nsubj
partner<-det nmod amod
firm<-case compound det nmod amod
product<-case compound nmod amod
IRS<-cc conj
literature<-case
subsidiary<-appos nmod:poss compound
account<-case det amod
tabloid<-det amod
have<-cc xcomp nsubj
status<-case amod
meet<-aux dobj neg nsubj
not<-dep cop nmod nsubj
relief<-case
potential<-det
half<-case advmod nmod
inspection<-det amod
emergence<-det nmod
look<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
Collins<-compound
replacement<-case det nmod
segment<-det nmod amod
right<-det nmod
fleet<-nmod:poss nmod amod
move<-dobj nmod nsubj
plan<-acl
position<-nmod
garden<-det
segment<-case det compound
market<-case nmod:poss compound
Akzo<-dep
intersperse<-case compound amod
chip<-case compound
flight<-det
Lombardi<-compound
break<-dobj nsubj
half<-det amod
continue<-nsubj mark
half<-case nmod:poss amod
engage<-nmod mark
organization<-det compound
latter<-case det
five<-dep compound
flight<-amod
people<-case nummod det
ahead<-advmod
week<-appos amod
domestic<-cc conj
profile<-det nmod compound
have<-xcomp advmod ccomp nsubj
subsidiary<-compound nmod:poss amod
researcher<-compound
senator<-case acl:relcl det amod
suffer<-dobj nsubj
seem<-xcomp nsubj dobj
result<-xcomp
come<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
25,000<-dep
keep<-advmod dobj
money<-acl
quantity<-case amod
seek<-xcomp aux nsubj
show<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
volatile<-cop advmod
c<-dep
Walker<-compound
dollar<-nummod
fulfill<-dobj mark
require<-xcomp aux nsubj
owner<-nmod:poss amod
receive<-dep aux dobj nsubj
McDonough<-compound
attendant<-case det compound
undermine<-cc conj dobj mark
Britain<-cc conj
wait<-case nmod compound
Capital<-compound
advance<-nummod nmod
due<-dep cop nsubj
fall<-case compound
year<-appos amod
involve<-dobj nmod nsubj
take<-ccomp nsubj
wide<-advmod
knock<-auxpass nmod compound:prt
package<-det compound
author<-case det
Meridian<-case compound
table<-case det nmod
purchase<-case compound
hope<-xcomp advmod nsubj
1985<-case dep nummod
funding<-compound nmod amod
gyration<-det compound
win<-dobj nmod mark
Runner<-case compound det amod
hospital<-det compound
IRS<-case cc conj det
decline<-dobj mark
price<-xcomp nsubj
rest<-acl:relcl det
line<-case compound
Service<-case nmod:poss compound
conference<-case det nmod amod
stake<-nmod:poss compound
banker<-det compound
take<-cc advmod nmod mark dep conj dobj
leader<-nmod
have<-nsubj neg advmod nmod dobj aux mark
business<-case appos det
business<-dep det compound
board<-dep nmod:poss
trading<-case nmod compound
move<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
group<-compound nmod:poss amod
plight<-case det nmod
fall<-aux nsubj mark
like<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
set<-nmod compound:prt
ally<-det
doctor<-amod
effect<-case det nmod
Industries<-case compound
Cubans<-case cc conj det
general<-case det compound
somebody<-case advmod
call<-dep dobj nsubj
value<-case nmod:poss compound
growth<-case nmod
law<-case compound amod
yen<-nummod acl
all<-appos
drive<-case det amod
year<-advmod
Tele-Communications<-case
energy<-amod
improve<-dobj
week<-cop nmod amod
discuss<-dobj nmod mark
close<-advmod
decline<-case nmod
drug<-dep det
easy<-nsubj
solution<-case amod
sale<-case cc conj compound
Bush<-cc conj compound
incentive<-det
month<-case nmod
ratio<-det nmod
involve<-nmod
heart<-case det nmod
legislation<-cc conj
brake<-amod
have<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
true<-cop advmod nmod
accomplish<-dobj mark
hospital<-det nmod
violation<-case nmod
Eggs<-case compound
part<-nmod nsubj
dollar<-case det nmod
Bush<-case cc conj compound
collect<-nmod dobj
mill<-case det compound
limit<-dobj nmod nsubj
costly<-advmod
bring<-nmod
s<-case cc conj det
break<-dobj mark
expand<-advmod nmod dobj
build<-ccomp
reflect<-aux dobj nsubj
house<-det compound
triple<-advmod
such<-advmod
(<-compound nmod amod
title<-det nmod
number<-nummod det
Noriega<-case nmod compound
200,000<-advmod
establish<-dobj nsubj
have<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
gene<-case compound
reason<-neg acl
client<-case det
gain<-nmod:poss nmod amod
space<-case det amod
well<-case det
measure<-dep det
teacher<-case det
solve<-aux dobj neg nsubj
out<-advmod
seek<-aux dobj
rise<-nsubj nmod dobj
market<-case compound nmod:poss amod
world<-case dep det
Revco<-case
expert<-dep
mark<-case compound det amod
devote<-xcomp aux advmod dobj nsubj
own<-nsubj ccomp mark
information<-det nmod
Peters<-case compound
interest<-case cc conj compound
boost<-det amod
redder<-cc conj nsubj
Dow<-det
austere<-advmod
best<-case det
tell<-nmod dobj
hour<-det amod
law<-case compound det amod
show<-advmod nmod compound:prt
goal<-det amod
building<-case amod
spend<-mark
volatility<-det nmod
opinion<-case nmod:poss
fall<-nsubj mark
wrack<-xcomp advmod nsubj
death<-det nmod
earthquake<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
picture<-case nmod
expand<-dobj iobj mark
suggest<-dobj nsubj
concern<-nmod:poss
Americans<-case amod
agency<-det nmod
independent<-nsubj
Congress<-case nmod
secure<-cc advmod
authority<-det nmod
make<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
restriction<-case nmod amod
close<-nmod:tmod nmod mark
effort<-case det
efficiency<-case amod
portfolio<-nmod:poss compound
estate<-nmod:poss amod
ink<-det
area<-det amod
police<-compound
company<-det nmod ccomp
appeal<-det
member<-dep
subcommittee<-case det compound
government<-dep det amod
strike<-nmod dobj
acquire<-dobj nsubj
business<-case det nmod compound
Belli<-case compound
inflation<-case cc conj amod
lift<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
call<-advmod ccomp nsubj
have<-advcl nsubj dobj advmod mark
car<-case acl:relcl det
spire<-compound amod
hope<-acl:relcl
pay<-nmod nsubj
Kasparov<-case compound
370.60<-case dep
give<-aux dobj
encourage<-dobj mark
release<-case det compound
stretch<-dobj nmod mark
Association<-case appos det compound
Associates<-compound
seed<-det
copy<-det amod
have<-nsubj dobj advmod advcl
take<-nsubj compound:prt nmod mark
thereafter<-advmod
hurt<-aux dobj nsubj
time<-case det acl
oust<-dobj mark
capital<-case det nmod compound
found<-auxpass nmod
rights<-compound
yield<-xcomp
Delicious<-det compound
have<-aux nsubj dobj advcl
year<-case nummod det appos amod
change<-mark
expect<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
support<-case nmod compound
Loggia<-case compound
Nikkei<-det
computer<-det nmod amod
recourse<-acl:relcl det amod
hard<-xcomp cop advmod nsubj
Soweto<-case
battle<-det amod
MTM<-case
bond<-dep compound
investor<-det compound
restaurant<-det compound
raise<-advmod dobj nsubj
expose<-dobj nsubj
write-off<-det nmod
Idaho<-case
broker<-det compound
story<-det
seek<-nsubj dobj mark
set<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
get<-advmod dobj nmod mark
offer<-acl det amod
point<-nmod nsubj
2.50<-dep
growth<-case compound amod
provide<-ccomp nsubj
grow<-ccomp
problem<-case det nmod
lease<-nmod dobj
holder<-case compound
reduce<-aux dobj nsubj
company<-dep det amod
better<-advmod ccomp
show<-case compound det amod
member<-case compound amod
review<-amod
higher<-nmod:npmod cop nmod nsubj
follow<-dobj ccomp nmod nsubj
point<-compound det nmod amod
home<-case det nmod
sniff<-nsubj ccomp
test<-amod
free<-nmod
high<-case nmod:poss nmod
able<-xcomp cop nsubj cc advmod aux conj
operation<-nmod:poss
excuse<-case det acl
relationship<-compound
campaign<-det amod
goody<-case amod
reconsider<-ccomp mark
retain<-dobj nmod nsubj
market<-cop acl:relcl det
hand<-ccomp nsubj
floor<-case det nmod
job<-dep
airwave<-det
look<-dep cop nmod nsubj
propose<-ccomp nsubj
market<-case amod det compound
applaud<-dobj nsubj
month<-nummod acl
recession<-det amod
attack<-case
Lesko<-compound
red<-case det
pass<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
fund<-nmod
Marks<-cc conj
be<-aux nsubj advmod mark
pipe<-compound
Senate<-case det
alternative<-cc det acl
rice<-case cc conj
point<-nummod nmod compound
engineer<-advmod
1972<-case
AIDS<-case
customer<-case amod
partnership<-det compound
salvage<-aux cop nsubj neg mark
country<-case appos det
strength<-nmod
bureaucracy<-det compound
place<-dobj mark
380.80<-case dep
1959<-case
right<-neg
gain<-dep compound
charge<-case nummod
exceed<-aux nsubj dobj mark
Bank<-det
transform<-nmod dobj
consensus<-det
least<-case advmod det
yesterday<-compound det amod
morning<-case compound
Laband<-case compound
feature<-ccomp
attack<-det compound
damage<-dep det
report<-ccomp nmod:tmod nsubj
degree<-case det nmod amod
maker<-det nmod compound
action<-det nmod
foreigner<-case
acquisition<-amod
hold<-compound:prt dobj mark
operate<-dep cop nmod nsubj
go<-dep advmod nsubj
sell<-advmod nmod nsubj
proposal<-acl:relcl det
half<-acl:relcl nmod
floor<-case det nmod amod
Picop<-case
1988<-case acl:relcl
industry<-compound det amod
Street<-det
correct<-dobj mark
Kane<-appos compound
amendment<-case det nmod
soil<-case nmod:poss
cord<-det compound
own<-advmod dobj
offer<-advcl dobj mark
follow<-cc conj dobj
track<-nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
gpa<-xcomp nsubj
always<-dep
smack<-nmod nsubj
Times<-case det compound
request<-parataxis dobj nmod nsubj
need<-nmod:poss
place<-case det nmod amod
report<-nmod dobj
death<-case det nmod
acquisition<-det amod
value<-dobj nsubj
know<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
Arafat<-compound
campaign<-det
rating<-compound amod
seem<-xcomp nmod:tmod nsubj
1970s<-case det amod
oil<-case cc conj amod
governments.they<-amod compound
let<-mwe
discipline<-det
plant<-case det nmod amod
world<-det compound
Peladeau<-case compound
restrict<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
procedure<-case det amod
find<-xcomp aux nsubj
56<-dep compound
cash<-amod
cost<-cc conj
turmoil<-case compound
permit<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
choose<-nmod dobj
have<-nsubj nmod dobj advcl aux mark
decision<-dep det
land<-dep
seller<-case det
reporter<-amod
division<-compound
post<-case det compound
consider<-dobj mark
ease<-dobj advmod mark
confront<-dobj nsubj
system<-det nmod compound
Bay<-case det compound
mention<-aux dobj neg nsubj
Cathay<-case
earn<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
outlet<-case nmod compound
Airport<-case nmod:poss compound
specter<-det nmod
remains<-cc conj nsubj
lucrative<-advmod
plant<-case compound nmod:poss nmod amod
Philippines<-det
fall<-nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
build<-cc conj dobj mark
division<-case det
cent<-dep
land<-nmod
put<-dobj nsubj
S.A.<-case compound
police<-dobj mark
own<-advmod
attempt<-compound det amod
oppose<-advmod dobj nsubj
yield<-det amod
Major<-compound
1,000<-advmod
make<-xcomp nmod
more<-nmod:npmod nmod
require<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
present<-dobj nmod nsubj
about<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
install<-dobj mark
liquidity<-case nmod
share<-case nummod nmod amod
spend<-dep dobj mark
forbid<-advcl dobj
{<-nmod compound
range<-nmod nsubj
cell<-det amod
think<-aux advcl ccomp neg nsubj
unit<-case det nmod compound
Germans<-det
idea<-det amod
have<-cc aux conj ccomp nsubj
up<-cc dep
lawsuit<-case amod
expect<-xcomp dobj nmod nsubj
Conner<-case
issue<-cop det nmod amod
independence<-nmod:poss
face<-dobj nmod nsubj
Diet<-det
balloon<-case det
plan<-case dep det amod
Florida<-cc conj
Aruba<-case
have<-neg nsubj
distribute<-dobj nmod mark
Belgium<-case
expansion<-det nmod
animal<-case det
like<-advmod ccomp nsubj
dig<-case nmod:poss amod
respond<-nmod
best<-case det nmod
holder<-case compound det amod
situation<-det compound
malice<-case
illustrate<-ccomp nsubj
delay<-dobj
anybody<-acl:relcl
Lines<-compound
help<-compound
he<-dep advmod
shop<-case det
decide<-nmod nsubj
fall<-aux nmod nsubj
type<-det nmod amod
president<-cc conj compound nmod amod
require<-xcomp nsubj mark
version<-det nmod
writer<-det
class<-case det amod
visit<-dobj nsubj
club<-det
(<-dep dobj
exchange<-dep det
sanction<-det
attract<-xcomp
loss<-compound det amod
director<-det
skirt<-det amod
point<-case
foot<-case nummod
kick<-advmod compound:prt nsubj
standard<-det nmod
dissonance<-det nmod amod
offer<-compound det nmod amod
guarantee<-neg nmod
purchase<-case amod
lose<-cc conj dobj nsubj
more<-advmod nmod
period<-case det nmod
do<-nsubj advmod mark
generation<-nummod
yield<-dobj nmod mark
income<-compound nmod amod
turn<-dobj compound:prt
deficit<-case compound det amod
sound<-det nmod
setback<-case
open<-advmod dobj nsubj
Poles<-det
female<-appos det
Estate<-case compound
level<-case
extensive<-advmod
file<-dobj mark
interference<-case amod
support<-case compound
treaty<-det compound
do<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
have<-nsubj neg advmod dobj aux mark
see<-aux dobj neg nsubj
take<-nmod:tmod
need<-xcomp nmod nsubj
demonstration<-nmod amod
product<-nmod
case<-det compound
Center<-case nmod:poss compound
Berkeley<-case
collapse<-case
earnings<-det
structure<-det compound
clothes<-case dep
competition<-dep det
state<-nmod compound
pension<-cc conj
car<-det amod
secretary<-det compound
exclusion<-det
steal<-dobj mark
desire<-case det acl
American<-case compound
hold<-aux nmod nsubj
crime<-amod
schedule<-compound amod
about<-xcomp aux
move<-case compound
reference<-case nmod
sell<-dep dobj mark
marketing<-case
Environmentalists<-det compound
abuse<-case
subsidy<-det
flight<-case
capacity<-case amod
June<-case cc conj
learn<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
illustrate<-dobj nsubj
get<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
magazine<-det compound
leave<-nmod nsubj
settle<-nmod mark
one<-cc cop conj nmod
Phillips<-case
Foster<-case compound
window<-det
need<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
bench<-det
cause<-xcomp dobj mark
system<-case det nmod compound
poverty<-case
will<-case amod
politician<-det
put<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
42<-advmod
meet<-nmod dobj
operation<-acl:relcl
office<-case nmod:poss compound
level<-det compound
get<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
volatility<-det
Unilever<-cc conj
)<-case det nmod compound
portfolio<-det
cut<-nmod mark
sign<-amod
commission<-case
GM<-cc conj
end<-nsubj advmod nmod compound:prt mark aux dobj
promote<-dobj nsubj
occur<-advmod nsubj
grow<-advmod nmod nsubj
set<-dobj mark
clutter<-case det nmod
rally<-nmod
index<-det nmod
unusual<-advmod
kind<-acl:relcl det nmod
net<-dep amod
television<-case amod
strong<-cop advmod ccomp
effect<-det amod
Thomson<-appos compound
sell<-advcl dobj
spend<-aux dobj nsubj
man<-case det compound
reserve<-case
leader<-amod
begin<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
blame<-nmod mark
problem<-case det nmod compound
other<-dep advmod
Hess<-case
reminiscent<-cop advmod
furniture<-cc conj compound
6.5<-advmod
time<-case cc conj det amod
Germany<-case cc conj compound
liquidate<-dobj nmod mark
auction<-case nmod:poss nmod
hard<-xcomp cop conj cc nsubj
earn<-iobj dobj
find<-nsubj dobj mark
energy<-case
exist<-nsubj
coal<-case
drug<-case amod
highway<-det
parent<-case acl:relcl det
1.125<-dep nmod
chairman<-nmod:poss
Singapore<-case
take<-advcl dobj nmod mark
chairman<-compound
analyst<-det nmod compound
exercisable<-xcomp nmod ccomp
begin<-nmod mark
reason<-case det acl
Marsh<-cc conj
battle<-det nmod amod
hope<-nmod:poss ccomp
representative<-case compound
faster<-nmod:npmod
listen<-nmod
form<-dobj nsubj
risk<-case
70,000<-advmod
scenario<-det
union<-case det nmod compound
break<-compound:prt dobj mark
use<-dep nmod dobj
variety<-det nmod
index<-det amod
employee<-cc conj amod
cost<-dep amod
have<-auxpass dobj
deal<-compound det amod
knock<-dobj compound:prt
require<-advcl dobj nsubj
player<-amod
hotel<-det nmod
meeting<-case det compound
own<-xcomp nsubj
talk<-aux advcl nsubj
try<-xcomp aux advmod
impossible<-xcomp cop advmod
Pharmaceutical<-compound
effort<-case nmod:poss compound
Straszheim<-case compound
official<-nmod:poss
secretary<-compound det amod
announcement<-dep det
estimate<-dep dobj
say<-nsubj ccomp advmod mark
win<-ccomp nsubj
missile<-case acl:relcl det amod
share<-case det amod
function<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
Friday<-case compound
rely<-nmod nsubj
year<-case nummod acl:relcl
comment<-aux nmod neg nsubj
January<-amod
buy<-case dep
scene<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
return<-acl
come<-nmod advcl
loan<-neg
Russia<-case
end<-aux nsubj nmod mark
conservative<-advmod
question<-nmod
be<-aux advmod advcl nsubj
chance<-xcomp nsubj
language<-amod
Navy<-det
go<-compound:prt mark
yield<-dep det
worker<-case nmod
account<-case compound det amod
April<-case nmod
want<-xcomp aux nsubj neg mark
account<-nmod:poss
break<-dobj nmod nsubj
attack<-dobj mark
report<-det nmod
persuade<-dobj
receive<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
Barre<-case compound
rate<-nmod:poss
total<-case det nmod
expert<-compound
export<-compound
Monday<-case det compound
production<-nmod compound
exchange<-case amod det compound
Systems<-case compound
outstanding<-nmod nsubj
bank<-case det nmod
competition<-case amod
maker<-case compound det nmod amod
estimate<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
claim<-nmod
go<-advmod nmod
exchange<-amod
cost<-nmod:poss amod
think<-nsubj ccomp advcl
list<-case det compound
entrepreneur<-det
regulate<-nmod dobj
third-quarter<-cc conj
degree<-det nmod amod
division<-case nmod:poss compound
bank<-case cc conj
press<-case det compound
segregation<-amod
adopt<-cc conj dobj
kill<-dobj nsubj
PLC<-case appos compound
research<-case nmod compound
look<-cc conj nsubj
shipment<-det compound
field<-case det amod
get<-aux ccomp neg nsubj
Daiwa<-case
affair<-compound
worry<-advmod
support<-det nmod amod
portion<-case det nmod
play<-case
turn<-nsubj compound:prt mark
rating<-nmod:poss compound
output<-case nmod
earnings<-det amod
crash<-case nummod det compound
vehicle<-case nummod
episode<-cop amod det nmod nsubj
cost<-cc conj amod
center<-case compound det amod
mainframe<-det amod
breadth<-cc conj det nmod
authority<-det
right<-xcomp cop nsubj advmod advcl
Specter<-nmod compound
tax<-det nmod amod
say<-xcomp
American<-appos compound
sanction<-case nmod amod
security<-case
stake<-advmod det amod
time<-dep nummod
absence<-case det nmod
sell<-xcomp dobj mark
practice<-compound
crisis<-amod
employee<-nummod
profitable<-cop nmod mark
Kasparov<-dep compound
tactic<-compound
downside<-dep det
fare<-advmod nsubj
recent<-advmod det nmod
aspect<-det nmod
principle<-case amod
survey<-case det nmod
advertiser<-case
apartheid<-case
fund<-compound det amod
near-monopoly<-det nmod
advertiser<-amod
embryo<-det amod
Green<-compound
agree<-nsubj
Fukuyama<-compound
know<-nsubj ccomp
Palestinians<-det
complete<-aux cop nmod nsubj
give<-cc conj dobj nmod mark
2,500<-advmod
worker<-case det amod
word<-case
yesterday<-case det compound
procedure<-amod
father<-det
offer<-case nmod:poss nmod
use<-compound
yield<-xcomp nmod
company<-appos
basket<-det compound
system<-case det nmod
World<-compound
want<-xcomp cc conj nsubj mark
success<-det
leave<-amod
year<-case amod compound
question<-det nmod amod
respondent<-case det compound
open<-dobj
estimate<-nmod amod
operation<-nmod:poss compound
impose<-dobj
hope<-ccomp nmod nsubj
report<-xcomp nsubj
give<-compound:prt dobj nmod mark
Mac<-amod compound
concern<-case nmod compound
offering<-det
plan<-det nmod compound
disappointment<-case
update<-case nmod
pound<-det nmod
baseline<-det
computer<-acl:relcl amod
require<-xcomp aux
part<-amod
worth<-nmod:poss nmod
hearing<-det amod
people<-acl:relcl nmod
spring<-det amod
be<-xcomp nsubj expl mark
feel<-dobj nsubj
financing<-det nmod
assistance<-case amod
Torrijos<-case compound
slide<-det nmod amod
series<-det
picture<-det amod
estimate<-compound det amod
inflation<-case amod
dividend<-det
hour<-case compound
book<-case acl:relcl det nmod
shareholder<-case compound det amod
eliminate<-aux nsubj nmod:tmod nmod mark
officer<-compound
drop<-advmod nmod nsubj
Salomon<-case
suggest<-cc conj ccomp nmod nsubj
drop<-compound det nmod amod
one<-acl:relcl det amod
trade<-nmod compound
rate<-case cc conj nmod:poss compound
Richter<-case det
president<-det nmod compound
raise<-nmod nsubj
employee<-compound det amod
lamp<-case cc conj compound
try<-ccomp
charge<-compound det amod
area<-case nmod amod
Bank<-det compound
Merrill<-case
need<-xcomp
downtown<-case
15<-dep
receive<-cc conj dobj
room<-case appos compound det amod
cut<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
insist<-aux ccomp nsubj
clean<-case
confidence<-amod
seller<-case det nmod amod
America<-case appos
program<-case det nmod
charge<-cop nmod
demand<-dobj nsubj
free<-xcomp nsubj
sell<-aux advmod nmod
stimulate<-dobj mark
make<-aux nmod dobj
3.20<-dep
unemployment<-dep advmod
trigger<-ccomp
Dec.<-case cc nummod conj
theory<-det
share<-cc nummod conj nmod
point<-case nmod amod
program<-ccomp nsubj
saga<-case det
contest<-det nmod
write<-ccomp mark
office<-nmod:poss nmod compound
have<-xcomp ccomp nmod nsubj
recently<-ccomp nsubj
center<-case compound
report<-dobj ccomp nmod nsubj
line<-compound det amod
trend<-det nmod
Atlanta<-case
imitation<-det nmod amod
take<-advcl dobj nsubj
office<-amod
and<-xcomp
merger<-case det nmod
make<-xcomp nsubj advcl
adjustment<-case
rise<-advcl nmod dobj
accompany<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
stock<-dep compound
mail<-nmod amod
204<-compound
factor<-nummod amod
study<-advcl
tie<-dobj nsubj
minute<-nummod nmod
year<-acl:relcl det
75<-dep compound
good<-case det nmod
trade<-compound nmod amod
theory<-case
trim<-cop nmod
carry<-dobj mark
Donovan<-appos compound
yield<-amod
(<-case nummod compound
grid<-case det
involve<-ccomp nmod nsubj
equivalent<-det nmod
early<-nmod:npmod
farmer<-compound
black<-case cc conj
part<-det compound
scale<-case det amod
Europe<-compound
receive<-aux dobj neg nsubj
way<-case det nmod amod
plan<-compound
chaos<-case det nmod
ignore<-dobj mark
see<-advmod ccomp nsubj
Ehrlich<-case cc conj compound
introduce<-dobj nsubj
ad<-det compound
guarantee<-case det
want<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
talk<-amod
eye<-det nmod
value<-case det nmod compound
Computer<-dep compound
violate<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
glare<-case det nmod
sector<-case det
labor<-case cc conj
platinum<-cc conj
1995-1999<-cc nummod conj
committed<-nmod
balk<-auxpass nmod
settle<-advcl mark
jump<-nmod
mayor<-det nmod
clear<-nmod nsubj
retire<-nmod mark
program<-compound nmod:poss amod
capital<-case compound
low<-nmod
take<-dobj nmod advmod nsubj
assume<-advmod ccomp nsubj
include<-nmod ccomp
share<-case nummod det nmod compound
confession<-case dep conj cc
81/2<-advmod
measure<-case det
be<-aux nsubj
include<-dobj nmod mark
business<-compound det amod
DJIA<-det
weak<-advmod
thing<-acl:relcl det amod
builder<-compound
make<-dobj ccomp nsubj
speak<-dobj nsubj
income<-case nmod:poss
planning<-amod
sense<-acl amod
add<-advmod dobj
improvement<-case nmod
save<-dobj nmod nsubj
result<-cop advmod det nmod nsubj
Boyd<-case compound
control<-aux dobj nsubj
lie<-nmod mark
suit<-compound det amod
security<-case nummod nmod compound
network<-case det compound
Brown<-case compound
involve<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
outcome<-det amod
reassurance<-acl:relcl
play<-dobj
deficit<-det amod
60<-cc conj
basis<-case det nmod amod
theme<-det nmod
induce<-dobj nmod mark
employer<-case det
react<-aux advmod nmod neg nsubj
EC<-det
loan<-case det
recapitalization<-case
expect<-aux dobj neg nsubj
Kennedy<-compound
Spain<-det compound
representative<-det
financing<-case
Delmed<-case
see<-aux ccomp nsubj
rise<-advcl advmod nmod nsubj
ability<-xcomp nsubj
inappropriate<-cop nsubj nmod mark
state<-case det amod
alliance<-case det amod
restriction<-case amod
)<-appos compound
economy<-case det nmod amod
fall<-nmod ccomp
use<-cop nsubj nmod mark
spy<-det
grow<-dobj nmod mark
round<-det nmod amod
police<-amod
sandinista<-det
government<-case cc conj det
practice<-dep advcl nsubj dobj mark
use<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
legislation<-amod
move<-advmod nmod mark
direction<-case det nmod
say<-parataxis nmod nsubj
work<-xcomp mark
factor<-case
family<-nmod:poss
392<-dep compound
hotel<-det compound
take<-nsubj advmod dobj mark
tie<-compound
note<-case compound
Guy<-case compound
Krenz<-case
Crabb<-compound
1940s<-case det
Entertainment<-compound
100,000<-case
be<-dep advmod
conduct<-dobj nmod mark
cause<-case det compound
settle<-dobj mark
Park<-case compound
covert<-nmod amod
year<-cop nsubj cc nummod aux conj
now<-advmod advcl
Bureau<-det nmod compound
status<-amod
conference<-case det compound
(<-nummod compound
connect<-nmod
nominee<-det
output<-dep
banking<-case compound
James<-compound
sky<-det
Greve<-compound
program<-amod det compound
sale<-det nmod amod
live<-nmod mark
share<-det nmod compound
support<-nmod:poss
operation<-nmod amod
amount<-case compound det amod
store<-det compound
write<-nsubj
effort<-det amod
buy<-xcomp
turnaround<-det amod
raise<-case
connection<-case nmod
make<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
send<-xcomp nsubj
right<-nmod
utility<-case det
encourage<-dobj nmod mark
right-angling<-case det nmod
Frank<-compound
store<-xcomp nsubj
question<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
businessman<-amod
behest<-case det nmod
$<-dep cc nummod conj
package<-case compound
Secretary<-case nmod
make<-dobj advmod mark
amount<-nmod compound
make<-aux dobj
space<-compound
cd<-case nmod
look<-case nmod
close<-nmod:npmod nmod
fee<-case nmod amod
bring<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
just<-case
hazard<-case amod
better<-case dep
believe<-nsubj advmod ccomp mark
goods<-det compound
station.we<-det compound
measure<-case amod
seem<-nmod
Kate<-case
exploit<-dobj mark
man<-det compound
reject<-dobj
share<-case nummod amod
lose<-ccomp
spring<-case amod
deliver<-dobj
unit<-nummod det
difficult<-xcomp cop advmod
car<-case det amod
back<-dobj nsubj
detract<-nmod nsubj
U.S.<-case det compound
U.K.<-cc conj det
serve<-nmod mark
team<-case compound det nmod amod
business<-case nmod amod
rise<-case nummod compound amod
Citibank<-cc conj
goal<-nmod:poss amod
backwards<-cc conj
sound<-xcomp nsubj mark
continue<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
build<-dobj
agree<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
everything<-case advmod
do<-advcl nsubj
timing<-det nmod
%<-case cc nummod conj dep
Black<-cc case conj
10117/32<-case
conspiracy<-case compound
exchange<-det amod
whites<-amod
piece<-case
now<-nmod:npmod nmod
acquire<-cc conj dobj mark
station<-det
Langton<-case compound
Laurel<-case
protect<-nmod mark
put<-advmod dobj nmod mark
two<-case advmod
forge<-dobj mark
president<-det amod
frustration<-case
Instruments<-compound
opportunity<-case det acl
field<-case nmod
meet<-nmod:tmod nmod mark
exchange<-case amod
industry<-case compound det amod
cent<-case cop nummod nmod dep
10<-case dep
department<-case det nmod compound
stress<-case cop advmod nsubj
great<-cop advmod
animal<-det
30<-nmod:npmod
commercial<-compound
policy<-det nmod amod
enterprise<-case cc conj amod
operator<-dep det nmod
issue<-dobj
prepare<-nmod nsubj
support<-compound
free<-cop nmod nsubj
commission<-det
security<-nmod:poss amod
have<-nsubj cc advmod ccomp conj mark
event<-case dep det
item<-case nmod amod
talk<-advmod nmod
those<-cop nsubj cc mark acl:relcl conj
tax<-case compound amod
process<-case det nmod
credentials<-case amod
practice<-det
hear<-ccomp nsubj
district<-nummod amod
other<-xcomp
partner<-nmod
room<-case compound det amod
pour<-aux advcl dobj
hint<-nmod
field<-det compound
Code<-case compound det amod
item<-dep compound
slip<-aux nmod nsubj
only<-cc
plan<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
build<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
accord<-nsubj nmod ccomp
official<-nmod amod
sophisticated<-cc conj
consider<-nsubj dobj mark
rating<-det nmod amod
Party<-acl:relcl compound
right<-xcomp
Victoire<-case appos compound
reduction<-det nmod amod
commodity<-case advmod det
room<-case det amod
string<-det nmod
talk<-dep advmod
end<-compound nmod:poss nmod amod
understand<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
chaser<-case compound
Stanley<-case compound
year<-case nummod amod
take<-dep dobj mark
investigation<-det
hour<-nummod amod
about<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
fairness<-case
Delicious<-compound
out<-aux cop nmod nsubj
pay<-advcl dobj mark
air<-aux nsubj dobj mark
decide<-advmod ccomp nsubj
rebuild<-dobj mark
drop<-cc conj dobj ccomp nsubj
warn<-ccomp
woo<-dobj mark
Hanover<-case det compound
structure<-det amod
rise<-amod compound
sell<-nmod nsubj
privately<-nmod nsubj
gold<-nmod
Exodus<-case nummod
premium<-case nmod
necessary<-xcomp cop
equivalent<-case det nmod
half<-dep cc conj advmod
know<-aux ccomp nmod neg nsubj
build<-ccomp mark
bid<-aux dobj neg nsubj
compete<-nmod mark
choose<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
18<-case
recession<-cc conj det
question<-case det
look<-xcomp advmod nsubj
seller<-det amod
bond<-case nmod:poss amod
once<-advmod
seem<-nmod nsubj
isolation<-case
plan<-dep nmod:poss
support<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
source<-det nmod amod
Paul<-dep compound
have<-nsubj dobj nmod:tmod mark
battle<-case det compound
sedan<-appos nmod:poss amod
contribution<-case nmod
fund<-case nmod:poss compound
mix<-cop nmod
create<-cc conj dobj mark
Farmers<-case
he<-case dep acl:relcl
calif.-based<-amod
test<-case amod
clerk<-compound
wife<-case nmod:poss
show<-case amod
fuel<-case
mean<-xcomp aux
reach<-dobj nsubj
share<-xcomp advmod nmod nsubj
prevail<-nmod nsubj
stop<-case
be<-ccomp dobj
technology<-det amod
period<-case det nmod:tmod amod
demand<-ccomp
guideline<-case det amod
epilepsy<-case
400<-advmod
take<-advcl dobj advmod nsubj
cancer<-case det compound
beat<-dobj nmod mark
cut<-dobj nmod nsubj
yet<-dep
have<-dep aux dobj nsubj
thing<-cop acl:relcl det amod
industry<-det nmod
columnist<-det nmod
Dryja<-compound
indictment<-det
Moscow<-case advmod
know<-aux nsubj ccomp neg mark
image<-amod
claim<-det amod
earmark<-case nmod compound
criticize<-dobj nsubj
cut<-nmod
hand<-case nummod
3.69<-advmod
institution<-case det amod
area<-case nmod
wait<-mark
obtain<-dobj
traveler<-case compound
50<-case dep
liability<-det amod
effort<-case det nmod amod
{<-compound det nmod amod
official<-case nmod compound
dealings<-case amod
utility<-case
handle<-dobj nmod nsubj
corrupt<-advmod
split<-case acl:relcl det compound
file<-aux nmod mark
increase<-amod
vote<-acl amod
bloc<-case det amod
Express<-case compound
set<-dobj
face<-ccomp nsubj
afternoon<-case
die<-nmod mark
Hammack<-compound
affect<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
lose<-nsubj dobj mark
gene<-case det nmod
think<-dep nsubj
Farm<-appos compound
technique<-det amod
computer<-nmod
reduction<-det
put<-advmod dobj
item<-amod
look<-case det nmod compound
available<-cop nsubj mark
Corp.<-case nmod:poss compound
Security<-compound
football<-case amod
taxation<-case
post<-det amod
ozone<-case
rise<-cc conj det nmod amod
Arias<-case compound
approve<-dobj nsubj
pulp<-cc conj
word<-case nmod:poss
Saatchi<-cc conj
dust<-cc conj
some<-cc conj
head<-case nmod:poss
battle<-det
inside<-advmod
point<-case nummod advmod nmod
seek<-nmod
blame<-mark
group<-case det nmod compound
trading<-case appos amod
Cuddles<-aux appos cop
week<-case nummod acl:relcl
implication<-amod
user<-amod
verge<-case det nmod
segment<-case nmod amod
stock<-case compound amod
sell<-cc conj dobj mark
week<-det nmod
hand<-compound
tend<-xcomp nsubj mark
report<-case det amod
hotel<-det nmod amod
policy<-case nmod:poss
color<-det nmod
agree<-xcomp aux
Ciba-Geigy<-dep
work<-nsubj
refer<-xcomp nmod nsubj
name<-nmod
37.75<-case dep
water<-case det amod
member<-compound det amod
movement<-case det amod
bank<-det nmod
character<-case
takeover<-case cc conj
proceeds<-nmod
survey<-det compound
retreat<-advmod nmod
stock<-acl:relcl det
government<-case det nmod compound
window<-case det nmod
shop<-det
flow<-compound amod
then<-dep
situation<-det nmod
show<-advcl dobj nsubj
mistrial<-det
pilot<-compound
Lilly<-cc conj compound
Sony<-case cc conj
have<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj
fund<-case det nmod
sterling<-case
alternative<-case det amod
negotiation<-compound
renew<-nmod dobj
obtain<-dobj nmod nsubj
typical<-dep
come<-nsubj ccomp mark
schedule<-case compound
write<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
extent<-case det
year<-cc conj det
Peladeau<-compound
bus<-cc conj
build<-nmod dobj
Boston<-compound
demand<-case det nmod amod
aim<-cop nmod
preserve<-dobj mark
clear<-advmod
sense<-det nmod amod
break<-case compound nmod amod
run<-dep nmod:tmod nmod compound:prt
hour<-nmod
unchanged<-nmod
seed<-case amod
fondness<-case det nmod
limit<-xcomp nmod nsubj
surprising<-cop ccomp neg
over<-cc dep
abortion<-case nmod
candidate<-compound
operation<-det nmod
shortage<-det nmod
program<-case compound amod
April<-case nummod acl
wash<-advmod dobj
build<-auxpass nmod mark
memo<-det
schedule<-xcomp auxpass
majority<-case det amod
produce<-nsubj dobj mark
town<-case det
remain<-xcomp nmod
design<-det compound
anniversary<-case det nmod amod
fortuitous<-cop
hope<-xcomp nsubj mark
facility<-case compound det nmod amod
bureaucracy<-nmod:poss amod
security<-nmod amod
operate<-aux nmod nsubj
price<-compound nmod amod
write<-xcomp advmod nsubj
economist<-nmod
art<-det
provider<-dep det nmod
Times<-det compound
million<-case dep advmod
recreation<-cc conj
cut<-compound:prt dobj mark
accept<-dobj nsubj
copy<-det nmod compound
depend<-nmod nsubj
educate<-advmod
pound<-case det amod
buy<-ccomp nsubj
subsidiary<-det amod
mid-1980<-case det
Bally<-case
think<-aux nmod nsubj
load<-case compound nmod amod
action<-case det
drama<-det amod
add<-advcl dobj nsubj
accompany<-dobj
Oregon<-case
market<-det acl
viewer<-nmod
appeal<-det nmod
conduct<-aux nsubj dobj mark
buy<-compound:prt dobj nmod mark
believe<-xcomp aux
damage<-compound
do<-cc ccomp nsubj
move<-nsubj advmod mark
spectrum<-case det nmod amod
restructuring<-amod
ad<-case nummod
proposal<-amod
boast<-dobj
restriction<-nmod amod
policy<-case
10017/32<-case
regard<-dobj nmod nsubj
standpoint<-case det amod
assume<-dobj nsubj
crowd<-case det
censorship<-dep
raise<-det compound
hope<-xcomp
tackle<-dobj mark
he<-case nmod:tmod
hedge<-dobj mark
problem<-det nmod amod
Securities<-case cc conj det compound
(<-det amod
bring<-nmod compound:prt
know<-nsubj ccomp mark
plunge<-dobj nmod nsubj
assortment<-det nmod
mean<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
have<-nsubj cc neg dobj aux conj
signal<-acl:relcl
employee<-cc conj
believe<-dobj mark
situation<-amod
think<-aux nsubj ccomp neg mark
call<-nmod mark
thousand<-case advmod
get<-xcomp advmod nsubj
UAL<-acl:relcl
be<-aux advmod ccomp nsubj
outperform<-dobj mark
supply<-compound det amod
watch<-compound:prt nmod mark
indicator<-case amod
return<-case det nmod
3<-dep
turn<-xcomp compound:prt
Keating<-compound
view<-ccomp nmod nsubj
competition<-compound
NASA<-case
Securities<-case compound
be<-nsubj cc nmod mark expl conj
so<-cc ccomp
base<-compound amod
cautious<-advmod
have<-dobj ccomp mark
account<-case nmod
deal<-case nmod
Bill<-nmod
majority<-det
see<-nsubj dobj mark
system<-amod
base<-compound det amod
need<-ccomp nsubj
group<-dep det compound
million<-case advmod compound
itself<-nsubj
introduce<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
also<-cc
season<-det compound
Pilson<-dep compound
happen<-advmod
1.22<-dep
broker<-nmod
cabinet<-compound
MeraBank<-case
FCC<-det
freeway<-case det
file<-nmod:tmod nmod
permit<-xcomp dobj mark
culture<-case cc conj amod
death<-case
Hawaii<-case
have<-xcomp nsubj dobj
settlement<-det nmod amod
widen<-nsubj
end<-det nmod amod
probe<-det
respond<-ccomp
license<-det amod
effort<-dep nmod:poss
tax<-det amod
child<-case amod
meet<-dobj nmod nsubj
tone<-nmod:poss
fall<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
value<-case advmod compound
investment<-nmod amod
shutdown<-det
market<-case acl:relcl det
comment<-compound:prt ccomp mark
spread<-det nmod
want<-xcomp nmod nsubj
talk<-cop nmod nsubj
venture<-det compound
time<-ccomp mark
industry<-case det nmod
question<-dep compound
McCall<-case
voter<-amod
stem<-ccomp nmod nsubj
way<-advmod det amod
Commoner<-compound
Courter<-case compound
boost<-advcl dobj nsubj
competitor<-amod
contribute<-nmod dobj
Fame<-case
Institute<-det compound
change<-advmod
Packer<-compound
ocean<-case det
infusion<-det nmod
know<-nsubj neg advmod nmod ccomp aux
brand<-case
Corp.<-case cc conj nmod:poss compound
praise<-advcl dobj nsubj
sure<-cop mark
plan<-nummod det compound
exchange<-case compound
15,000<-advmod nmod
announcer<-det
fly<-dobj nsubj
own<-ccomp nmod nsubj
Shack<-case compound
space<-case
housing<-cc conj
plant<-case nmod:poss compound
president<-compound nmod:poss nmod amod
Sports<-compound
that<-dep
news<-det amod
loan<-case nmod compound
oil<-dep cc conj det
year<-nummod advmod appos
situation<-case det compound
Boyd<-compound
highest<-cop det nmod
four<-cc conj
price<-acl:relcl
little<-cc conj
compliance<-case nmod amod
datum<-nmod
research<-case compound amod
develop<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
plan<-det det:predet
Johnson<-case compound
connect<-dobj nsubj
section<-case dep det amod
)<-case nummod compound
agree<-xcomp nmod:tmod nsubj
assistance<-case nmod
month<-nmod
pay<-cc conj dobj nsubj
asset<-cc conj
consumer<-case det
Barney<-case
hold<-nmod nsubj
opposite<-det
billion<-case advmod compound
equity<-case compound
Oct.<-case nummod advmod
stalwart<-case nmod amod
Frankfurt<-case cc conj
partnership<-case amod
rise<-cc conj dobj nsubj
so<-dep advmod advcl
customer<-acl:relcl det
rights<-case cc conj amod
detail<-nmod
meet<-advmod dobj nsubj
currency<-case det
Alexander<-compound
plan<-case nmod:poss acl
pass<-dobj mark
day<-nummod nmod
finance<-case
boost<-det
Loeb<-det compound
Fruit<-nmod
CBOE<-det
enact<-dobj mark
expense<-case det nmod
buying<-case nmod amod
name<-dep det compound
open<-nmod mark
device<-det
collect<-cc conj dobj mark
event<-case amod
raise<-ccomp nsubj
get<-advcl mark
do<-advcl dobj
1960s<-case det
Channel<-case det compound
offer<-cop nmod
IBC/Donoghue<-case
)<-compound det amod
computer<-case nmod:poss amod
knowledge<-case
approve<-dobj nmod mark
today<-case compound
conjunction<-case
truck<-amod
hard<-xcomp nsubj
suffer<-dobj
chip<-case nummod nmod:poss compound
leave<-advmod nmod
vice-president<-det nmod amod
anther<-det nmod
profit<-acl:relcl amod
Thompson<-dep compound
reserve<-det amod
increase<-compound amod
industry<-case compound
demand<-case nmod
parent<-det
c<-cop acl:relcl
receive<-ccomp nsubj
$<-dep nummod advmod cc compound conj
fear<-case compound
chamber<-case det
implication<-dep det
hard<-xcomp
decline<-dep det
home<-cc conj amod
need<-advcl dobj nsubj
executive<-nmod
multiple<-det nmod amod
restore<-dobj nmod mark
much<-advmod nsubj
Co.<-case
identity<-det nmod
care<-advmod nmod nsubj
officer<-cop nmod compound
Peck<-case compound
assess<-dobj mark
account<-aux nmod nsubj
year<-case appos det
respond<-advmod nmod mark
start<-ccomp
buy<-nmod mark
creation<-det nmod
continue<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
wage<-cc conj det amod
woman<-det nmod
late<-nmod:npmod
operation<-case nmod amod
take<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
choice<-case amod
amount<-advmod nmod nsubj
provision<-case det nmod amod
inevitable<-advmod nmod
total<-dobj nmod mark
shipment<-case nmod
simple<-cop
day<-case dep nummod
operation<-case nmod compound
more<-case advmod nmod
potential<-amod
color<-nmod:poss
House<-compound
unlikely<-xcomp cop nsubj mark
earth<-case det
group<-nummod det
ceiling<-det nmod
dark<-case det
account<-case acl:relcl amod
catch<-compound:prt mark
language<-nmod:poss
associate<-case
rule<-det compound
report<-aux dobj nsubj
staff<-compound
worker<-nummod appos
subsidiary<-dep det
have<-aux dobj neg
diamond<-nmod amod
measure<-acl det amod
begin<-nsubj ccomp mark
price<-xcomp nmod
include<-advcl dobj nsubj
piece<-nmod
candidate<-case det nmod amod
part<-case det amod
officer<-case nmod amod
land<-case det
worry<-cop nmod
activity<-case cc conj amod
meeting<-case nmod:poss
know<-advcl nsubj
close<-compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
role<-nmod:poss nmod
level<-case det compound
contrary<-nmod
step<-nmod nsubj
film<-det
force<-dobj nmod mark
owner<-case det
move<-acl:relcl
suit<-case amod
team<-det compound
Education<-case
100<-case dep
1.82<-dep
visit<-xcomp nsubj
retain<-dobj nmod mark
often<-advmod nmod
call<-aux nmod dobj
innocent<-advmod
game<-det compound
continue<-cc conj dobj mark
prediction<-dep det amod
dignity<-amod
ratio<-compound
payment<-compound
Organization<-case det nmod
sit<-ccomp nsubj
return<-nmod:poss
aspect<-case det nmod
column<-det amod
surge<-dep compound amod
part<-det
part<-dep
grow<-nmod ccomp
cause<-aux dobj neg nmod nsubj
custody<-case
problem<-case nmod amod
life<-case compound
bad<-cop advmod ccomp
basis<-case det compound
biggest<-dep
town<-case det nmod amod
put<-det
point<-det amod
budget<-case det compound
business<-case advmod det compound
House<-dep det
day<-case cc conj det
secret<-amod
director<-nmod:poss
dealership<-det
tend<-xcomp aux nsubj
issue<-case nummod
Maxicare<-case
war<-det compound
Aetna<-case cc conj
earnings<-case dep nmod
take<-compound:prt nmod dobj
year<-case nummod advmod
Jersey<-case cc conj compound
help<-dobj nmod mark
announcement<-case det
clothes<-det amod
Ltd.<-acl:relcl compound
bill<-acl:relcl det amod
price<-case det nmod compound
judge<-case det nmod
8<-case advmod
Deloitte<-det compound
do<-aux nsubj nmod dobj
acquire<-nmod
director<-case nummod
June<-case acl:relcl
suit<-case
access<-nmod amod
able<-xcomp cop mark
other<-case advmod det
german<-amod
give<-advcl dobj iobj nsubj
spend<-aux nmod dobj
go<-nsubj compound:prt mark
drive<-det amod
message<-det
producer<-case compound
ton<-nummod
Exchange<-case cc conj det compound
perjury<-cc conj
seller<-case
make<-aux ccomp nsubj
security<-det nmod
oblige<-xcomp
leader<-acl:relcl det compound
start<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
law<-acl:relcl det
embryo<-det
strategy<-case compound det amod
producer<-case det nmod amod
earnings<-nmod:poss nmod
find<-advmod ccomp nsubj
deliver<-nmod
Jaguar<-dep
handful<-det nmod
tester<-compound
miss<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
secretary<-det
be<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
Gardens<-case compound
Lufthansa<-case
crushed<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod ccomp
climb<-nmod:poss amod
knock<-dobj nmod compound:prt
conference<-case amod
turn<-ccomp nsubj
guarantee<-det amod
proceed<-nmod mark
pair<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
Deal<-case det compound
church<-det
tv<-case
buy-out<-case det nmod amod
hit<-case nmod compound
lower<-advcl cop advmod neg nsubj
help<-advcl dobj nsubj
radiation<-acl amod
nation<-case det nmod amod
contain<-aux dobj neg nsubj
line<-nmod amod
1099<-case cc conj compound amod
deny<-ccomp
sheet<-dep det compound
share<-cc nummod conj amod
lawn<-nsubj
Africa<-case amod
shape<-xcomp nsubj dobj advcl
mean<-nsubj dobj
older<-det
Estate<-case appos compound
cost<-advmod dobj nsubj
minority<-advmod
Cokely<-appos compound
buy<-cc aux conj nmod:tmod nsubj
maneuver<-compound det amod
pronouncement<-det
appearance<-compound
get<-cc conj dobj nsubj
athlete<-case
seat<-case nummod
approval<-cop nmod compound
reject<-aux dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
plant<-case
solve<-dobj
reset<-xcomp aux advmod nmod nsubj
current<-case amod
hour<-det nmod
stint<-nsubj nmod mark
sell<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
strip<-case det
become<-nsubj ccomp advmod mark
Warburg<-appos compound
stick<-nmod nsubj
measure<-case nummod compound
drive<-dep cop advmod advcl nsubj
attention<-case nmod:poss
establish<-advmod
assure<-dep cop advmod nmod cc
sell<-compound:prt
mask<-det
try<-nsubj mark
educational<-aux cop nsubj
boom<-dep det compound
housing<-dep
executive<-case amod
Paul<-case compound
note<-case det
Phillips<-cc dep conj
fight<-nmod dobj
contiguous<-nmod
sale<-case cc conj nmod:poss amod
practice<-case det
ironclad<-cop advmod nsubj
charge<-compound
impact<-case det nmod
investor<-acl det amod
have<-nsubj advmod nmod:tmod mark
site<-dep det amod
feel<-advmod dobj nsubj
motorist<-det
achieve<-nmod dobj
dump<-dobj
limit<-amod
guilty<-neg nmod
Dell<-compound
Winnebago<-case
price<-compound det acl:relcl amod
Peters<-acl:relcl compound
quisling<-det nmod nsubj
hand<-case advmod det nmod
friend<-acl:relcl
faction<-dep cop acl:relcl det
wonder<-cc ccomp nsubj
divide<-advmod nmod nsubj
type<-case nummod nmod
mine<-neg
go<-aux nsubj advmod mark
park<-case amod
fail<-aux advmod nsubj
butler<-case det
have<-case nmod dobj
fail<-mark
reserve<-compound
apart<-nmod
buckle<-xcomp
act<-nsubj mark
counteract<-aux nsubj advmod dobj mark
receive<-nsubj dobj mark
holder<-case amod det compound
drop<-compound nmod amod
review<-dep det amod
mutate<-cop nsubj nmod mark
higher<-cc cop conj advcl nsubj
feed<-dobj mark
dollar<-case dep
sedan<-case amod
Inouye<-compound
obsession<-nmod:poss
listen<-nmod mark
criticism<-case
hour<-case nummod nmod
retailing<-case
increase<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
teacher<-cc conj
restriction<-det
need<-amod det compound
prison<-case cc conj nmod
massacre<-case det nmod
1964<-case
start<-dobj nmod mark
9926/32<-case
ruminate<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
improve<-nsubj advmod nmod mark
suspect<-ccomp
clear<-case
rainbow<-det nmod
farm<-compound det amod
Kohl<-case compound
increase<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
give<-advcl dobj nsubj
Australia<-case cc conj
recruit<-nmod
high-backed<-nsubj cc nmod dobj conj mark
tool<-case compound
contract<-case cc nummod conj
need<-nmod
portfolio<-nmod:poss nmod
carry<-nmod dobj
celebration<-case det nmod
meet<-cc dobj nsubj
Textile<-compound
fight<-case compound det det:predet
beef<-xcomp
heart<-cc conj nmod:poss
University<-case acl:relcl nmod
remark<-ccomp mark
less<-nmod
Hilton<-case advmod
net<-acl:relcl nmod
similar<-nmod nsubj
defense<-case cc conj nmod:poss
declaration<-det
make<-dep aux nsubj
layer<-case nmod
find<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
insolvent<-cop advmod
judicial<-cc conj
38<-case dep conj cc
philosophy<-dep det
threat<-det nmod amod
tantamount<-cop nsubj nmod mark
price<-case acl:relcl compound
company<-acl:relcl det nmod
rate<-case nmod
popularity<-nmod:poss
cancel<-dobj mark
Avenue<-cc conj nmod:poss amod
golf<-case
September<-amod
(<-advcl advmod nmod:tmod nmod dobj
land<-case compound amod
customer<-nummod
spill<-nmod compound
complain<-nsubj mark
hurricane<-case det
pay<-advmod nmod nsubj
hold<-dobj ccomp nsubj
transaction<-dep
environmentalist<-case amod
part<-dobj
develop<-advmod nmod mark
Ministry<-case det nmod
Next<-case
fail<-aux nsubj
money-wise<-cop cc det amod compound aux conj
counter<-ccomp nsubj
course<-compound
scatter<-case det nmod compound
add<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
incline<-xcomp
heat<-det
apply<-nmod mark
Grobstein<-compound
middleman<-cop nsubj det amod mark
Gruberova<-compound
monitoring<-cop cc neg advmod nmod amod conj
wash<-nsubj advmod nmod compound:prt advcl aux
combat<-cc conj dobj mark
reveal<-dobj mark
tumble<-dep det compound
abide<-advcl nmod mark
authenticity<-det nmod
level<-case nmod compound
decontrol<-compound
resistant<-nmod:npmod
safeguard<-xcomp cop nsubj advmod nmod advcl aux
1999<-case
inflation-adjusted<-appos
office<-nummod nmod compound
status<-det nmod
symbolize<-dep dobj nsubj
deal<-cop amod det neg
motive<-det nmod
waste<-advcl aux dobj neg nsubj
attention<-dep
aircraft<-case
hand<-case nmod
sale<-case nmod:tmod
take<-cc conj nmod dobj
afford<-ccomp
something<-advmod
government<-cc conj det appos
Aeronautics<-case cc conj det compound
keep<-dobj advmod mark
hinder<-dobj
20<-cc conj
demon<-det
perestroika<-case
foresee<-dobj nsubj
credit<-case cc conj
firm<-cc conj det compound
city<-dep det
take<-nsubj cc nmod:tmod dobj advcl conj
close<-cop nsubj nmod:tmod mark
swerve<-xcomp advmod nmod nsubj
happen<-aux nsubj nmod neg mark
star<-aux nmod nsubj
recommend<-xcomp
switch<-xcomp mark
bottler<-case
criticize<-auxpass advmod nmod
assume<-nsubj ccomp mark
railroad<-case det
tax<-case neg conj cc
bikini<-nsubj dobj mark
get<-xcomp advcl nsubj
demand<-case
total<-case det compound
performer<-cop nmod:poss nmod amod
credit<-compound amod
reduction<-det nmod
allow<-xcomp nsubj mark
Gulf<-case det compound
heal<-nsubj cc neg advmod aux conj
monster<-det amod
Goodrich<-compound
firm<-appos det compound
spot<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
each<-cc conj
buy<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
military<-det
provide<-advcl dobj nsubj
protection<-dep
first<-det
offer<-nsubj dobj advcl
trumpet<-xcomp nsubj
devastation<-case det
bulldozer<-case det
advance<-cc conj advcl dobj
heart<-case
randomness<-case compound
defeat<-dep cop nsubj mark
change<-dobj nsubj
1.5<-advmod
ministry<-cc cop conj det nmod
2014<-case
responsible<-nmod
challenge<-cop acl
Oranjemund<-appos
teaspoon<-nummod nmod amod
outsell<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
bike<-dep det
resemble<-xcomp nsubj advcl mark
band<-case acl:relcl det nmod
need<-xcomp nsubj dobj advcl
recycle<-nmod compound
Etzioni<-compound
Dingell<-compound
bench<-case dep acl
need<-xcomp nsubj advcl
line<-case cc det amod compound conj
statement<-case nmod:poss
officer<-nmod amod
command<-case det
supply<-dep amod
436,000<-dep cop nmod
jazz<-cc cop conj amod
investment<-case det amod
father<-dep cop nsubj mark
competitve<-advmod
fill<-nmod
transport<-case compound
museum<-det
America<-case cop conj cc mark
Tuesday<-advmod
tenth<-case nmod
law<-nmod:poss amod
pay<-case advcl
customer<-det nmod
coffer<-nmod:poss acl
writhe<-advmod
drink<-amod
return<-xcomp
discount<-case det
Hastings<-compound nmod amod
peg<-dobj mark
rival<-case dep appos
airman<-case amod
invest<-compound
year<-acl:relcl amod
telex<-cc conj
tragedy<-cop det
field<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
Gatos<-case compound
Island<-case nmod:poss compound
game<-det nmod
giant<-compound det amod
parade<-cop det nmod amod
book<-cc conj
truck<-acl det amod
identify<-ccomp
loom<-compound det amod
area<-acl:relcl
elect<-cop
engineer<-compound det amod
architect<-det
precaution<-case det
reject<-xcomp dobj nsubj
look<-cop acl:relcl nmod
19<-advmod
Ernst<-case cc conj appos
advertising<-cop acl:relcl amod
request<-compound det amod
connect<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass
loom<-case compound amod
revenue<-dep amod
produce<-dep dobj advmod mark
swamp<-cc conj nmod
remark<-nmod:poss acl
bear<-dobj
college<-det amod
bound<-advmod nmod
Germany<-acl:relcl det amod
control<-dobj nmod nsubj
governorship<-cc conj cc:preconj det
Spiegel<-case
iron<-case compound
loan<-nmod
garrison<-case appos det compound
example<-dep det amod
assurance<-dep
half-block<-det
Congress<-det compound
expect<-xcomp nmod nsubj
lose<-dobj nmod mark
effect<-case det nmod amod
simulate<-xcomp dobj nsubj
teach<-advmod dobj nsubj
S&P<-case nummod det
dominate<-aux nsubj dobj advcl
category<-case det nmod
censor<-cc conj advmod
reject<-advmod
salmonella<-case
Pontiac-Cadillac<-case advmod nmod compound
yen<-case nummod det nmod
plain<-case det
building<-nmod:poss compound
backlash<-case det
rob<-auxpass nmod
suffer<-advmod nmod nsubj
day<-cop nsubj advmod det nmod advcl
Spielvogel<-case compound
end<-nmod amod
Koreans<-compound
tie<-xcomp mark
Nomura<-dep
name<-case det nmod
harbor<-case nmod:poss
messrs.lee<-case cc conj
collectible<-case
avoid<-aux nsubj dobj advcl
discharge<-nmod
Slatkin<-case compound
Holt<-cc conj compound
company<-dep nmod
say<-dobj mark
Federation<-case det nmod compound
necessary<-xcomp
agreement<-dep det compound
expect<-ccomp
resolve<-nsubj neg advmod nmod dobj aux mark
move<-advcl dobj nmod mark
vote<-xcomp cc conj nmod nsubj
fuss<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
action<-case det amod
governor<-ccomp nsubj
phone<-cc conj nsubj dobj mark
way<-acl:relcl det amod
pit<-case amod nmod:poss nmod compound
Jews<-compound
borrower<-cop nmod:poss nmod amod
10,000<-case
promise<-xcomp aux
area<-case appos nmod:poss amod
departure<-det nmod amod
wrong<-nmod:npmod cop advmod nmod
reluctant<-xcomp cop
office<-det compound
case<-nsubj
analyze<-dobj nmod nsubj
facelift<-compound det amod
moderate<-ccomp mark
need<-xcomp dobj nmod nsubj
doctor<-cop nsubj neg compound advmod det nmod advcl aux
at<-case mwe
income<-dep
1939<-case
480<-case dep
jacket<-acl:relcl nmod compound
triple<-case advmod nmod dobj
opportunity<-amod
sprout<-cc conj compound:prt nsubj
long<-dep advmod
contrary<-cop nmod
director<-nmod:poss amod
goal<-cop det nmod
weigh<-dep cc conj dobj
advantage<-cc conj nmod amod
reduce<-ccomp nsubj
audience<-case det compound
fix<-dobj mark
Bussieres<-dep compound
go<-nsubj advmod nmod ccomp aux compound:prt
net<-compound
Guppy<-det
refer<-nmod nsubj
produce<-nmod:tmod dobj
acquire<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
worker<-case nummod nmod:poss
here<-cc conj
sponsor<-det
bombing<-det nmod
flee<-nmod nsubj
catch<-advcl dobj advmod mark
these<-case cc conj
agreement<-case det nmod
store<-case det nmod amod
cleanup<-case det nmod
profit<-case nmod:poss amod
illusion<-case advmod det
mainstream<-case
greenhouse<-case det acl
official<-det amod
Johnson<-dep acl:relcl compound
bomb<-det
recovery<-case
threaten<-auxpass advmod
split<-compound det amod
guy<-cop nsubj cc det nmod amod conj
sell<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
593/4<-dep nmod compound
design<-cc conj
crime<-case cc conj
lead<-nmod:poss amod
heredity<-case
level<-advmod det nmod
do<-neg
issuer<-nmod
Bronner<-case compound
better<-xcomp cop nmod nsubj
hear<-aux ccomp nsubj
drive<-nsubj neg advmod compound:prt aux dobj
consumer<-dep
buyer<-cop nsubj det mark
more<-aux cop nmod advmod nsubj
next<-dep cop advmod nmod nsubj
populate<-advmod ccomp nsubj
reflect<-cc conj dobj
wait<-cop nmod mark
company<-case compound nmod amod
winner<-case det
effective<-cop advmod advcl mark
rely<-nmod mark
Whitten<-compound
time<-cop advcl det amod
help<-nmod:poss
reach<-aux nmod nsubj
point<-amod
spy<-nmod:poss amod
pre-empt<-dobj
dollar<-case nummod compound
Nazis<-det
aspect<-nummod nmod amod
store<-case nmod:poss
object<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
outstanding<-advmod nmod:tmod
come<-advmod mark
cocktail<-acl:relcl det compound
scale<-case det compound
put<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
flop<-det compound
return<-cc conj advmod nmod dobj
$<-nmod:npmod dep nummod
boutique<-det nmod acl
office<-cop nummod nmod dobj
join<-dobj nmod nsubj
outline<-ccomp mark
sensitive<-nmod nsubj
safe<-amod
agreement<-case acl:relcl det amod
vehicle<-compound
build<-nsubj dobj mark
prove<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
would<-nsubj nmod mark
deep<-advmod
project<-case acl:relcl
blunt<-cop advmod nmod
sophisticate<-case nmod
$<-case dep nummod det amod
profit<-nmod:poss compound
entice<-dobj nmod mark
NBC<-case
panel<-det amod
village<-nmod
lobbyist<-nmod
look<-nmod acl
maturity<-case compound det nmod amod
compromise<-det
proposal<-case det nmod
size<-case
bring<-dobj compound:prt nsubj
500,000<-case dep nmod
scientist<-det compound
Republicans<-nummod
electricity<-cc conj
pick<-dobj advmod nsubj
glance<-case amod
325/8<-dep nmod compound
expect<-xcomp nsubj dobj nmod mark
be<-aux nsubj mark
convert<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj advcl aux
do<-xcomp aux advmod csubj mark
devote<-dobj nmod nsubj
follow<-xcomp nsubj
Deerfield<-dep
slide<-case nmod:poss
ease<-aux dobj ccomp nmod nsubj
3<-case dep
person<-nummod advmod
post<-dep nmod dobj
prescription<-compound nmod amod
trader<-acl:relcl
real-estate<-cc conj
Akzo<-case
support<-nmod:poss nmod
piggyback<-auxpass nmod
Ukraine<-case dep amod
manager<-case det amod
tone<-amod
steelmaker<-case amod
Corp.<-cc conj advmod compound
700,000<-dep
hole<-det nmod
take<-xcomp aux advmod
find<-cc ccomp
personal<-cc conj
program<-nmod amod
respectability<-case
bear<-cop nsubj
developed<-cc conj advmod
Air<-nmod:poss
determination<-nmod:poss acl
college<-cc conj nmod:poss
layoff<-cc conj
herd<-det
school<-case det compound
broadcaster<-dep det
investigate<-ccomp
verdict<-det
appeal<-acl:relcl det
civilised<-dep
invention<-case acl:relcl det
protect<-dobj nmod nsubj
execution<-case
vote<-case advmod det
blink<-case det nmod amod
remind<-dobj
Michael<-case
shelter<-nummod
retire<-nmod dobj
worthwhile<-nsubj
politics<-case
shy<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
include<-cc conj nsubj dobj mark
fail<-aux nsubj nmod:tmod mark
fool<-aux dobj neg
decline<-nmod:tmod nmod mark
group<-case nummod nmod
holder<-det
Oil<-case compound
cone<-amod compound
revenue<-det
debt<-det det:predet
income<-case nmod:poss amod
name<-dep compound det amod
spread<-aux nmod neg nsubj
Institute<-nmod
criminalize<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
brooch<-det amod
design<-cop advcl neg nsubj
Sweden<-case
Israel<-case acl:relcl compound
Securities<-case cc conj compound
associate<-case nmod compound
return<-aux nmod nsubj
group<-case compound nmod amod
chancellor<-nmod amod
justify<-ccomp mark
build<-auxpass nmod
craze<-det compound
provide<-advcl aux dobj nmod nsubj
performance<-case acl:relcl
longest<-cop nsubj cc det nmod mark conj
violate<-aux dobj nsubj
hand<-cc conj det nmod compound
Shearson<-compound
list<-det amod
Rutgers<-case advmod
200<-case advmod compound
collect<-nmod nsubj
claim<-dobj nmod nsubj
Festiva<-case det nmod compound
Thanksgiving<-case
imply<-ccomp nsubj
generate<-ccomp nsubj
capable<-cop nsubj nmod mark
blame<-cop nmod
inconvenient<-cc cop conj ccomp nsubj
music<-case compound
education<-case compound
board<-cc conj det
yield<-advcl dobj nsubj
affect<-dobj nsubj
Roberts<-case compound
ballooning<-nmod
opportunity<-case det nmod amod
fear<-cc conj nsubj ccomp mark
16,746<-dep
gin<-nummod det nmod compound
Sen<-compound
four<-case advmod
there<-cc conj
agency<-det acl
deal<-det nmod
pact<-det compound
close<-case cop nmod
spook<-nsubj ccomp mark
governor<-case
575/8<-dep cc conj compound
ton<-nummod amod
credit<-compound
stop<-advcl
Economy<-case det nmod compound
reaction<-det compound
lawyer<-case det
dutch<-det nmod
review<-aux dobj neg nsubj
Johnson<-appos compound
bond<-amod compound
tuition<-nmod
bellow<-aux nsubj ccomp
away<-nmod:npmod nmod advcl
Homes<-case det compound
professional<-case det nmod
flood<-cop nmod nsubj
work<-acl:relcl det
minister<-nmod:poss compound
doubt<-nsubj nmod advcl
work<-advcl nmod:tmod nmod mark
meet<-nsubj dobj mark
thing<-cop amod det nmod nsubj
register<-cop nsubj cc mark aux conj
level<-nmod amod
that<-case advmod
compare<-dobj nsubj
open<-cc conj advmod nmod
University<-case det nmod compound
nightmare<-cop nsubj advmod det nmod aux
measure<-advmod nmod
cartoonist<-nmod
worry<-xcomp nmod nsubj
sheepskin<-compound det amod
engage<-nmod
abandon<-nsubj dobj mark
price<-cc conj det compound
weaken<-nmod nsubj
pitch<-cc conj advmod
Systems<-dep compound
monthly<-case det
aspiration<-amod
deal<-nmod amod
Edwards<-case cc conj nmod compound
customer<-acl:relcl amod
today<-case amod
reflection<-cop nsubj det nmod mark
co-sponsor<-nmod
clinic<-case cc conj compound
3,000<-advmod
price<-case appos compound
UniFirst<-advmod
House<-case nmod:poss nmod
scenario<-det amod
article<-nummod det nmod compound
Wednesday<-advmod
pay<-xcomp nsubj mark
society<-dep
taxi<-case cc conj acl:relcl compound
yesterday<-appos nmod
mood<-case nmod:poss
plaudit<-det nmod
import<-case cc conj
inflation<-det amod
crash<-nummod det compound
14<-dep compound
jump<-nmod mark
care<-det amod
time<-cop det nmod:tmod nmod ccomp amod
peddle<-nmod
Development<-compound
divide<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
trail<-compound det amod
deny<-dobj nmod mark
election<-case det nmod amod
quickly<-nmod:npmod
pay<-aux compound:prt mark
hand<-dep nmod:poss
character<-case det
like<-advmod dobj nsubj
Greens<-case nmod:poss nmod
maintain<-dobj nsubj
plaintiff<-det
701/4<-dep compound
use<-case amod
soar<-cc conj nmod nsubj
Lang<-case compound
Berlin<-case
environment<-case amod
cereal<-det compound
company<-nummod amod
he<-acl:relcl nmod
indicative<-cc conj
suffer<-advcl nsubj dobj mark
move<-case det nmod amod
net<-dep nmod
illogic<-cc dep conj det nmod
revenue<-nmod amod
talk<-nmod amod
Reich<-case det compound
weaker<-advmod
well<-case dep det
brilliant<-cop nsubj mark
innovation<-cc conj
depict<-ccomp nsubj
waste<-amod
realize<-ccomp
network<-nmod:poss nmod
fix<-xcomp
1254.27<-case
Democrats<-det acl
book<-nmod:poss nmod
sell<-nsubj mark
Coors<-case
unmask<-cc conj dobj nsubj
scramble<-case det amod
define<-cc conj ccomp mark
sector<-case advmod det compound
outstanding<-aux cop nsubj mark
practice<-det acl
have<-nsubj cc nmod:tmod ccomp aux conj mark
be<-advmod dobj
Jacobson<-compound
mechanism<-amod
failure<-nummod compound
be<-nsubj compound:prt mark
rank<-xcomp nmod nsubj
frustrated<-cop advmod
disability<-case
tv<-case compound
contiguous<-cop nmod nsubj
be<-cc conj advmod
have<-xcomp nsubj advcl mark
market<-case det acl
fire<-dobj compound:prt
revenue<-case compound nmod amod
sympathize<-advcl nsubj
privilege<-case amod
stare<-nsubj compound:prt dobj mark
important<-dep advmod
implication<-det
price<-dep compound amod
jack<-advcl compound:prt dobj mark
interest<-case nmod:poss nmod
concentrate<-advcl mark
comment<-det
loss<-nmod:poss nmod amod
rate<-case dep det nmod
evasion<-case compound
cut<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
case<-dep amod nmod:poss nmod compound
balance<-case det nmod
Snoopy<-case
structure<-case acl:relcl det amod
penny<-case cop nummod det xcomp amod
derision<-case
beginning<-dep cop advmod det
Japan<-case cc conj advmod
record<-cop advmod nmod
steer<-dobj nmod mark
rally<-case dep det amod
%<-dep nummod det
district<-case amod
board<-case acl:relcl det
cost<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
destruction<-compound amod
today<-case det compound
harvest<-cop appos
Maryland<-case
2.21<-dep
spring<-case det nmod compound
tell<-dobj ccomp nmod:tmod nsubj
comptroller<-det
play<-det nmod
need<-dobj
explode<-dobj mark
shrine<-case nmod
overbuilt<-cop
production<-appos nmod
be<-dep advcl nsubj
Morris<-case cc conj compound
official<-case det
dollar<-dep det amod
operate<-ccomp nsubj
tax<-det nmod
gap<-case det nmod amod
producer<-nummod nmod:poss amod
pullout<-case
not<-aux advcl ccomp
ask<-nsubj ccomp advcl
as<-cc nmod
Summerfolk<-case det
deplete<-parataxis advcl dobj nsubj
export<-acl:relcl
rate<-xcomp nsubj mark
decline<-advcl advmod dobj
lean<-aux nsubj nmod advmod advcl
average<-case det nmod amod
progress<-case det compound
Cairo<-case det
reason<-acl amod
Israelis<-cc conj det
Irving<-acl
rebuild<-nmod dobj
contact<-det
visitor<-case
kind<-cop amod det nmod neg
show<-compound:prt dobj mark
company<-case acl:relcl amod
examination<-case cc conj det amod
house<-nmod amod
China<-case compound
plead<-xcomp nsubj
item<-nummod
engage<-nsubj nmod mark
invade<-nsubj dobj mark
system<-acl:relcl det amod
Aug.<-case cc nummod conj
customer<-case compound amod
self-conscious<-cop nmod mark
Bureau<-case det compound
distribution<-case det nmod
period<-advmod acl:relcl nmod amod
high<-case amod
think<-aux nmod neg nsubj
customer<-case nmod amod
media<-compound det amod
he<-case cc conj
video<-amod
1983<-case cop conj cc compound:prt
daughter<-case
delay<-det nmod
market<-cop nsubj det nmod amod aux
Europe<-case det amod
combine<-dobj
case<-nummod
lead<-acl det amod
substance<-case
redraw<-aux nsubj advmod dobj advcl
1987<-case dep nummod appos
leap<-det amod
PARTNERSHIP<-dep compound
then<-ccomp
set<-cc conj compound:prt dobj nsubj
Harbors<-case compound
alone<-compound
pay<-aux nsubj nmod dobj
state<-dep nummod
intact<-nsubj
priority<-nmod
memorandum<-case
generation<-case acl:relcl det
celebrate<-dobj nsubj
Japan<-case appos compound
publicist<-det nmod amod
conglomerate<-acl:relcl det
accountant<-det
overhaul<-xcomp mark
regime<-det amod
ignore<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
strategy<-det nmod amod
like<-dobj
agent<-case det nmod amod
purchase<-nmod:poss nmod amod
execution<-det nmod
represent<-dep nmod dobj
seem<-xcomp advcl advmod nsubj
business<-case nmod compound
effort<-amod nmod:poss nmod compound
thing<-nmod
StatesWest<-case
not<-aux nsubj ccomp mark
incentive<-case det
sluggish<-dep cop
operation<-case cop nmod
stock<-cc conj cc:preconj
exist<-dobj mark
part<-cop advmod nmod
suspend<-nmod dobj
repay<-dobj nmod mark
keep<-cc conj dobj
Journal<-det compound
application<-nmod amod
gift<-nmod amod
signature<-nummod
truck<-compound det amod
run<-aux auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
Inco<-case
leave<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
5,440<-case
bed<-case cc conj det
damaged<-advmod
restriction<-amod
move<-case amod
return<-advmod nsubj
earn<-dobj mark
invest<-nsubj dobj mark
year<-case dep nummod
part<-case nmod:poss
comment<-case amod
debenture<-det amod
Workers<-case compound
Brody<-amod compound
file<-parataxis aux dobj nmod nsubj
requirement<-acl:relcl compound
comment<-amod
quality<-case det
mockery<-det nmod
down<-cop nmod
sense<-neg
's<-dep
ignore<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
accord<-dep nmod
scoop<-advmod dobj compound:prt
enemy<-case
retrofit<-dobj nmod nsubj
row<-det nmod
nervous<-cop nmod:tmod nmod
sell<-aux advmod neg nsubj
management<-case cc conj compound
Stanford<-case
prosecution<-det nmod compound
leave<-advmod nmod nsubj
year<-case acl:relcl amod
make<-cc conj dobj iobj mark
restricted<-cc advmod mark dep auxpass nsubjpass aux conj
update<-aux dobj
Courtis<-appos compound
eye<-case amod
hour<-compound
macho<-aux cop
possible<-cop nsubj ccomp mark
dropper<-det
challenge<-dep neg compound amod
insurance<-acl:relcl amod
5.66<-case dep
judicial<-advmod
completion<-nmod
presence<-nmod nsubj
fractured<-cc conj
patient<-ccomp mark
cent<-dep nummod advmod
pre-approved<-nmod
tournament<-case acl det amod
tumble<-cop advmod nsubj
hold<-case nmod compound
third<-case det
lawsuit<-nummod amod
ruling<-nmod:poss
sure<-cop ccomp
operate<-advcl nmod mark
impose<-aux nmod nsubj
receive<-nmod nsubj
look<-aux advmod neg
increase<-det nmod compound
operation<-nmod compound
France<-cc conj
easier<-advmod
Bhd.<-compound
hedge<-cc conj det
settle<-compound:prt mark
tell<-dep advmod dobj
have<-advmod nmod:tmod ccomp
Fujis<-case nmod
package<-case det acl
Messiah<-acl:relcl compound
embryo<-acl:relcl det amod
231/4<-dep compound
poll<-det compound
order<-case compound amod
company<-nummod compound
Fed<-det compound
wrong<-cop nmod
deeply<-advmod
have<-aux dobj ccomp neg nsubj
presence<-case det nmod
load<-nmod:poss amod
suggest<-nsubj ccomp advcl
surely<-advmod
portray<-dobj nmod nsubj
desert<-case
investigate<-nsubj ccomp mark
filing<-case det nmod
answer<-det
provide<-advmod iobj dobj mark
have<-xcomp aux nsubj neg mark
{<-dobj advmod nsubj
Wachtler<-compound
preview<-case nmod
kill<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj conj
repossess<-dobj mark
month<-appos det
Axa<-case
endowment<-det compound
time<-case appos det
tax<-case det amod
receipt<-amod
secret<-nmod nsubj
ounce<-cop nummod det amod
phenomenon<-acl det compound
spin<-advcl compound:prt dobj mark
income<-case dep nmod
akin<-nmod nsubj
block<-advcl dobj mark
Knudson<-compound
announce<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
Singapore<-case cc conj
donation<-case amod
harvest<-det
assumption<-det nmod
Rianta<-appos compound
work<-case cc conj
side<-det nmod compound
area<-case nmod compound
currency<-case appos amod
focus<-cc conj nmod mark
quality<-case cc conj det amod
host<-dep compound
product<-case dep nmod amod
shutdown<-case compound det amod
contract<-case nmod:poss
demand<-det nmod
range<-case det amod
result<-nmod:poss compound
flaw<-det
staff<-xcomp nsubj
attitude<-case amod
final<-compound
Geneva<-case
need<-xcomp csubj mark
location<-case nummod nmod
show<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
Heinz<-case
register<-aux advcl nmod nsubj
broker<-compound amod
domination<-case dep nmod
fight<-dobj nsubj
cheap<-case det
blame<-det nmod
receive<-advcl aux dobj nmod nsubj
tea<-compound amod
unit<-nummod appos
gravely<-advmod
warning<-compound
trading<-neg
inspector<-case det
expenditure<-cc conj det
Jordan<-compound
advertising<-case compound
inch<-nummod
require<-nmod nsubj
banker<-case compound
change<-dep det compound
reopen<-nmod:tmod mark
move<-advmod dobj nsubj
estimate<-nsubj ccomp advcl
believe<-cc conj advcl nsubj
belong<-aux nmod nsubj
question<-dobj mark
spokeswoman<-det
increase<-case advmod compound
tradition<-dep
auction<-case det nmod compound
150<-cop advmod nmod
image<-case
ownership<-dep
enter<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
recover<-nmod nsubj
Group<-dep nmod:poss compound
self-criticism<-case
live<-cc conj nmod nsubj
Lake<-dep compound
work<-aux dobj nsubj
file<-nmod mark
indignation<-case
question<-case amod
rally<-case compound det nmod amod
be<-cc xcomp advmod nsubj
sustain<-dobj
demand<-cc conj nsubj
run<-dep advcl nmod:tmod dobj
fall<-dep dobj nsubj
chairman<-cop det nmod compound
detail<-case
sit<-cc conj nmod mark
sell<-nsubj dobj
help<-nsubj
Zia<-nmod compound
appoint<-nmod
affect<-cc conj dobj nsubj
realize<-ccomp mark
higher<-cop nmod
Plaza<-compound
talk<-advmod nmod mark
see<-cc conj ccomp mark
direction<-advmod det nmod compound
tree<-case amod
Co<-compound
expect<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
bring<-ccomp nsubj
Network<-nmod:poss compound
office<-nmod nsubj
third<-advmod nmod
apply<-xcomp advmod nsubj
store<-cc nummod conj
be<-cc parataxis conj nsubj mark
mayor<-nmod:poss amod
do<-aux nmod
fetch<-dobj mark
believe<-nsubj ccomp dobj
let<-xcomp nsubj
way<-nummod det
taping<-det compound
absorb<-nmod
investment<-case cc conj nmod:poss nmod
necessary<-xcomp nsubj
conceive<-auxpass nmod
have<-advmod ccomp nmod:tmod nsubj
crisis<-det amod
distribute<-dobj mark
Tele-Communications<-cc conj
open<-nmod nsubj
operate<-dobj nmod mark
embarrassing<-aux cop nmod advmod nsubj
steelmaker<-amod
try<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
truck<-case cc conj
prepare<-xcomp nsubj
Thatcherism<-case nmod
competitor<-case compound nmod:poss amod
keep<-dobj nmod nsubj
MacArthur<-compound
press<-xcomp mark
short-lived<-dep dobj
scene<-case nmod:poss nmod compound
man<-cop nsubj neg advmod det nmod amod
case<-nmod amod
revenue<-compound nmod amod
listen<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
close<-advcl nmod nsubj
charity<-det
money<-case nmod compound
hook<-dep det amod
agenda<-nsubj
weakness<-case det
skyrocket<-aux nmod nsubj
roommate<-acl:relcl nmod:poss nmod
pass<-dobj
feel<-dep advmod nsubj
see<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
change<-acl:relcl det
Reinhold<-compound
debt<-case nmod:poss compound
defaulter<-case
broker<-case det
call<-case nummod det compound
loan<-case acl:relcl det
shove<-advcl dobj compound:prt mark
one<-case dep acl
wait<-cop
officer<-case cc conj nmod:poss amod
Thompson-CSF<-case nmod
League<-case cc conj compound
statistics<-det amod
perform<-advcl nmod dobj
war<-det amod
seven<-det nmod
Honda<-case
state<-nummod amod
liability<-nmod amod
stock<-nummod compound
like<-aux dobj nsubj
write<-aux dobj neg nsubj
ghost<-det
Agencies<-case compound
deal<-cop advcl det amod
1995<-case nmod
inflate<-advcl dobj nsubj
job<-case det compound
phenomenon<-det
foot<-neg
son<-case dep nmod
stance<-amod
case<-case det acl
microscope<-case det
damages<-case nmod
finance<-mark dobj nsubj
expect<-nmod
receive<-nsubj neg advmod nmod dobj aux mark
collect<-parataxis dobj
credit<-dep det compound
seem<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
cash<-acl
rancher<-acl:relcl amod
feel<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
barrel<-nummod nmod
biggest<-cc conj
go<-xcomp aux iobj dobj
position<-compound nmod nsubj
regard<-nmod
watch<-dep neg dobj
remain<-advcl ccomp mark
head<-compound:prt dobj mark
order<-dep
rating<-nmod:poss nmod amod
magazine<-case compound amod
disagree<-nsubj nmod mark
reflect<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
resumption<-case compound
clothes<-det
demonstration<-compound amod
$<-case nummod acl
103<-cc cop conj
budget<-dep det
ask<-cc ccomp nsubj
reunification<-dep det compound
sale<-case cc conj det nmod
Finks<-nmod compound
38.75<-case dep
cost<-aux advcl iobj dobj
9925/32<-case
33<-dep
antelope<-nmod amod
they<-case acl
innovation<-case
somewhere<-nmod
tree<-det compound
handle<-mark
fund<-cop nsubj nmod neg mark
Mack<-case compound
atom<-amod
Court<-nmod:poss compound
quarter<-nmod:poss amod
Canada<-dep
countersue<-dep advcl dobj nsubj
execution<-compound det nmod amod
adopt<-auxpass nsubjpass mark
Peters<-dep cc compound
season<-case det compound
constitute<-ccomp nsubj
advantage<-nmod:poss
ira<-case det amod
mideast<-xcomp
break<-advmod
screen<-case det compound
enough<-cop nmod neg nsubj
Port<-det nmod compound
anyone<-cop compound det acl:relcl amod
tower<-case nmod:poss compound
arrive<-nmod nsubj
girlfriend<-case nmod:poss
Boyer<-compound
decision<-compound
examine<-advcl dobj mark
Wald.Writing<-compound
brand<-amod
Mercedes<-det compound
individual<-det
short-changing<-dobj nmod mark
split<-det
poll<-case nummod det compound
he<-nmod
unrest<-amod
Goldsmith<-case compound
have<-parataxis aux dobj nsubj
glad<-xcomp cop nsubj
demand<-det nmod amod
lease<-cop nmod
use<-aux dobj nsubj
60,000<-case dep advmod
injure<-cc cop conj nsubj
work<-advmod nmod compound:prt
Earth<-amod
take<-aux compound:prt dobj nsubj
justice.Mr<-mark
support<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj mark
come<-advmod compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
issue<-cop det amod
comment<-ccomp nmod mark
1.05<-case dep
quote<-cc advcl conj dobj nsubj
say<-case dep acl:relcl
vehicle<-nmod
altitude<-case acl:relcl det amod
Inc.<-acl:relcl compound
prove<-dobj nsubj
immediacy<-cop appos dobj
International<-case appos compound
relationship<-case det nmod compound
committee<-case det nmod
consider<-aux
arithmetic<-det nmod
do<-nsubj ccomp advcl
sale<-case nummod nmod:poss
unload<-dep mark
speed<-case
tune<-dep nmod:poss compound
expansion<-det
family<-case amod
insure<-advmod
estimate<-nmod:poss nmod
tell<-ccomp
open<-advmod dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
provide<-parataxis advcl dobj nmod mark
continue<-aux nsubj
send<-dobj nsubj
give<-dobj iobj nmod nsubj
pour<-xcomp dobj nmod nsubj
Coats<-case compound
develop<-advcl dobj mark
plant<-dep compound amod
write<-dobj mark
cycle<-det amod
surge<-case compound
nonsense<-case
jeopardize<-aux nsubj dobj mark
do<-nsubj dobj
commercial<-case amod
climate<-compound
underpaid<-cop ccomp neg
fight<-cc conj advmod
assessment<-nmod amod
answer<-nmod mark
suppose<-ccomp
meeting<-nmod
resist<-dobj mark
access<-amod
estimate<-nummod amod nsubj
Japan<-case amod
restructure<-dobj mark
landscape<-det
Texaco<-nmod
scary<-cop advmod nsubj
eye<-case det nmod amod
express<-dobj ccomp nsubj
claim<-dep cop ccomp det nsubj
172<-xcomp mark
require<-dep compound amod
crash<-case nummod compound
run<-dobj nmod compound:prt
panning<-cop nmod mark
favor<-dobj nmod mark
sound<-det compound
bonus<-det
statistics<-compound
sauna<-case cop dep det nsubj
see<-dobj ccomp nmod nsubj
ton<-nummod nmod amod
predict<-dobj
mandate<-dep nsubj dobj mark
decline<-nmod:poss nmod amod
prospects<-case compound amod
Brothers<-dep compound
defend<-dobj nsubj
transportation<-cc conj
down<-cop nsubj nmod mark
bother<-aux nmod neg nsubj
high<-cop nsubj cc nmod advcl conj
census<-nummod det
increase<-advmod nmod dobj
66,743<-case dep
license<-cc conj dobj nsubj
firm<-compound nmod:poss amod
harder<-det
effect<-amod
defens<-acl:relcl
girder<-det compound
plan<-nmod amod
place<-advmod det
trust<-nmod nsubj
open<-dobj nmod nsubj
fly<-dep nmod nsubj
lunch<-case nmod
effort<-compound amod
true<-cop nsubj advmod nmod mark
basketball<-det amod
economy<-acl:relcl det
struggle<-det amod
cent<-cop nummod acl:relcl
accuse<-dep nmod compound
control<-case amod
line<-compound nmod:poss amod
pass<-dobj compound:prt nmod mark
indict<-nmod dobj
13,000<-case det
keep<-aux nmod nsubj
stay<-det amod
have<-aux advmod dobj advcl nsubj
delay<-case compound amod
selling<-dobj nsubj
director<-case
sense<-case nummod
lower<-cop nsubj dep advmod nmod iobj aux
willing<-xcomp cop advcl
force<-dobj
sell<-advmod ccomp nsubj
mindset<-det
Chicago<-cc conj
papers<-det
light<-case det
principal<-det amod
hit<-case cc conj nmod
1,000<-case
exceed<-dobj nmod nsubj
classify<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
night<-case compound
scare<-appos det nmod
chide<-nsubj cc cc:preconj dobj conj mark
chart<-dep det amod
tendency<-case acl:relcl det amod
come<-advcl advmod compound:prt nsubj
scale<-case det
poison<-case det
treasurer<-case
spend<-advcl aux dobj nmod nsubj
aim<-advmod nmod ccomp
third<-nmod advcl
arrive<-cc auxpass conj nmod
confirm<-nsubj dobj mark
view<-ccomp nsubj
Guber<-nmod compound
jam<-case det
deny<-advcl dobj mark
go<-nsubj compound:prt nmod mark
connection<-case nmod:poss acl
1969<-case
rollback<-case det compound
subcommittee<-compound
judge<-appos det
carry<-advmod dobj nsubj
5,000<-dep compound
summer<-appos det amod
monitor<-dep dobj nsubj
5.133<-case dep
earnings<-case amod compound
Center<-compound nmod:poss amod
count<-dobj mark
Gaubert<-compound
dollar<-compound det amod
shop<-det compound
open<-advmod nsubj
improve<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
people<-det acl
embarrassment<-case det nmod
title<-acl:relcl det
argument<-det nmod
lament<-dobj nsubj
improve<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
approach<-acl det amod
state<-acl:relcl det nmod
arrest<-cc cop conj nsubj
watch<-aux advmod nmod advcl
pilot<-nummod det
mots<-compound amod
niche<-case det
business<-case cop mark
scholarship<-case
misrepresentation<-det nmod
Park<-case acl:relcl compound
search<-det
36<-dep compound
Equipment<-dep compound
want<-ccomp nmod nsubj
strive<-xcomp nsubj mark
business<-case acl:relcl det
dollar<-case cc conj det
firm<-case acl:relcl det compound
take<-xcomp advmod nsubj
cut<-auxpass advmod nmod advcl
number<-case advmod det nmod
Amoco<-dep
put<-dobj nmod compound:prt
cash<-det acl
Rica<-compound
plethora<-det nmod
attempt<-xcomp mark
circle<-amod
decide<-aux ccomp neg nsubj
news<-cop nmod amod
relation<-nmod
eight<-advmod nmod
consider<-ccomp nsubj
buy<-ccomp mark
Kremlin<-det
buy<-nsubj cc advmod dobj aux conj
say<-xcomp aux
ship<-dep compound
adjust<-dobj
polish<-advcl nmod dobj
revamp<-advmod
have<-aux dobj neg nmod nsubj
approach<-dep acl:relcl amod
cause<-advcl nmod dobj
pianist<-det
succeed<-nsubj nmod mark
50<-nmod:npmod
investing<-nmod
closing<-det nmod
option<-dep
sell<-advmod nmod
option<-det
advertiser<-acl:relcl compound
boost<-det nmod
uncertainty<-case compound
profitability<-nmod
panic<-case det
lead<-advmod ccomp
attract<-ccomp mark
have<-cc advmod dobj nsubj
law<-compound det acl:relcl amod
{<-det
note<-amod compound
oil<-case nmod
arise<-compound amod
face<-xcomp nsubj nmod mark
Hospital<-nmod compound
seek<-advmod ccomp
4.75<-case dep appos
quit<-advcl dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
Stuart<-case appos compound
exhibition<-acl:relcl compound
upgrade<-dobj mark
earn<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
240,000<-advmod
publish<-auxpass nmod
be<-advmod ccomp expl
eight<-case nsubj cc det amod aux conj mark
raise<-aux dobj nsubj
bread<-dep cc conj
bomb<-cop
purpose<-case nmod
hit<-auxpass nmod
prefer<-xcomp
41<-case dep advmod
pose<-auxpass nsubjpass
challenge<-advcl aux dobj nmod nsubj
magazine<-case nmod:poss compound
include<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
policy<-nmod
exposure<-dep
case<-compound amod
contract<-dep amod
believe<-nsubj ccomp advmod mark
Lambert<-case compound
catch<-case
lift<-dobj
quote<-amod
higher<-det
head<-ccomp nsubj
risk<-acl:relcl det
people<-case det amod
consumer<-cc conj det nmod
profit<-advmod nmod:poss
reserve<-compound amod
show<-xcomp nsubj mark
endow<-xcomp
Democrats<-amod
school<-case acl:relcl det
half-baked<-case
escape<-dobj
have<-nsubj advmod dobj ccomp mark
sanguine<-cop advmod nmod neg nsubj
cause<-det nmod
deterioration<-det nmod amod
lift<-xcomp cop nsubj nmod advcl aux
dime<-case det
remain<-ccomp mark
income<-case cc conj amod
drain<-advcl dobj
advance<-dep dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
arrive<-advmod ccomp nsubj
range<-case nmod:poss compound
sign<-case
improve<-nmod
pay<-aux dobj
(<-case nummod acl:relcl compound
sting<-nmod
country<-cop det amod
shadow<-cc conj nmod:poss amod
line<-case nmod amod
pig<-det
gimmickry<-case acl:relcl compound
crop<-det nmod
consensus<-det nmod amod
mill<-case det
attributable<-nmod
railroad<-cc conj
get<-aux advmod nsubj neg advcl
element<-det amod
oppose<-nmod dobj
undergo<-dobj nsubj
establish<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
Fed<-case det nmod
establish<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
Kidder<-case nmod
return<-xcomp aux
back<-dep cc nmod:poss
help<-case compound amod
Commerce<-case
inundate<-aux cop nmod nsubj
bill<-acl compound
investment<-case acl:relcl det amod
conservative<-acl
White<-compound
activity<-nmod
schedule<-case nmod
issue<-aux dobj nsubj
reality<-det amod
delay<-aux cop nsubj mark
News<-case compound
rule<-case compound
tumble<-ccomp nmod dobj
property<-det amod
willing<-xcomp cop nsubj nmod advcl aux
sometimes<-ccomp
know<-advcl nsubj dobj advmod mark
receiver<-case compound det nmod amod
charge<-det nmod compound
pen<-case det amod
night<-acl:relcl det amod
plan<-dobj nsubj
strike<-dobj mark
earlier<-appos
see<-aux advcl neg nsubj
$<-case nummod det
reset<-aux cop nmod nsubj
have<-xcomp cc conj nmod nsubj
legislation<-neg
use<-compound det nmod amod
enhance<-advmod dobj
representative<-case det nmod compound
bond<-case det compound
procedure<-case nummod
choose<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
spare<-ccomp nmod nsubj
cabal<-det compound
rise<-cop
stall<-auxpass nmod
projection<-acl:relcl det
plant<-nmod:poss
unit<-case nummod nmod
disappear<-cc dep nmod nsubj
retail<-case
Vosges<-case det
resignation<-case
trace<-case det nmod compound
obsession<-det nmod
hit<-case amod
fierce<-advmod
learn<-nsubj nmod:tmod nmod mark
amount<-dep det
Sun<-dep
target<-case amod
ally<-nmod amod
Toyko<-case
long-rumored<-xcomp
solution<-amod
crack<-case nmod:poss compound
time<-nummod nmod
worker<-case nmod:poss
chief<-case compound
suggest<-nmod nsubj
cite<-nsubj ccomp
14<-case dep
Gutfreund<-compound
administration<-cc conj cc:preconj det compound
Bakes<-compound
size<-case nummod nmod:poss
brake<-det
concern<-det nmod
announce<-nsubj nmod dobj
stream<-case appos det
5.2830<-case dep
computer<-case acl:relcl det amod
attempt<-xcomp nsubj mark
manor<-dep compound nmod:poss amod
reception<-cc conj
home<-case compound det amod
yesterday<-case compound det nmod amod
boring<-advmod
Digital<-dep
investor<-case nmod:poss amod
Osaka<-case
trespass<-case
offer<-cop acl
%<-dep cop nummod advmod nsubj
bonus<-acl:relcl det nmod
style<-case amod
there<-cc acl:relcl
policy<-case nmod:poss amod
month<-det nmod
offer<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
resume<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
inflation<-amod
concession<-nmod
gene<-nummod acl:relcl det
aircraft<-case nummod compound
value<-cop nmod nsubj
Suominen<-compound
receive<-xcomp advmod nsubj
4<-case dep advmod
pressure<-case amod
article<-case dep det
entry<-nmod:poss
six<-nmod
business<-cop amod acl mark
dialogue<-det
past<-case acl:relcl det nmod
singer<-det nmod
economist<-dep compound
Shimbun<-dep appos det compound
related<-nmod nsubj
sue<-mark
rights<-acl:relcl compound
be<-nmod ccomp
Games<-case dep nummod det nmod compound
hint<-nsubj ccomp nmod:tmod advcl
dish<-case nmod:poss compound
loyalty<-nmod compound
season<-det nmod compound
supply<-cc conj nmod:poss amod
ton<-nummod det nmod amod
soar<-dobj nsubj
application<-nmod
muddy<-cop nmod nsubj
2.30<-dep
route<-nmod:poss compound
kayo<-dep cop nmod
own<-ccomp
heavy<-cop advmod det nmod
about<-xcomp
Shimizu<-acl:relcl
expect<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
fraud<-cc conj nmod
stay<-xcomp nsubj mark
great<-cop aux nsubj advmod advcl
process<-cop det nmod
suit<-det nmod amod
arrangement<-case det nmod amod
manager<-det acl
logo<-det compound
knock<-dobj advmod compound:prt
buy<-advcl mark
Wakeman<-dep compound
refuse<-dep cop nsubj advmod mark
absorbent<-advmod
will<-dobj iobj mark
Jr.<-dep compound
act<-advcl aux cop nmod nsubj
have<-nmod
spend<-nsubj ccomp mark
Mengistu<-compound
output<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
price<-case det acl
reject<-dobj nmod mark
Spartan<-case
stockholder<-acl:relcl
commissioner<-nmod:poss
office<-dep compound nmod amod
store<-case cc conj nmod:poss nmod
sell<-cop nsubj cc nmod aux conj
misdemeanor<-case det nmod
wonder<-advcl
bike<-det compound
Nev.<-case compound
Boston<-dep compound
wreck<-det
post<-ccomp nsubj
build<-nmod ccomp
stock<-case acl:relcl det amod
have<-dobj nmod csubj mark
split<-aux advmod nsubj
room<-det compound
almost<-nmod
democracy<-case
approach<-case det
investor<-cc conj amod
good<-advmod nsubj
partner<-det nmod
critical<-advmod
forfeiture<-case
indication<-det nmod
become<-aux ccomp nsubj
outflow<-case nmod amod
principle<-det amod
release<-cop nsubj advmod nmod mark
have<-ccomp dobj
enact<-aux cop nsubj
galvanize<-dobj
clearance<-amod acl compound
stage<-case
destroy<-dobj
be<-dep mark
origin<-case det nmod
Emirates<-dep det compound
disaster<-cop det mark
recognize<-advmod dobj nsubj
prepare<-xcomp nsubj mark
drilling<-nmod
protest<-case det nmod compound
file<-aux ccomp
Alberta<-case
make<-case nmod dobj
post<-case compound
exclude<-ccomp nsubj
face<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
develop<-nmod
own<-dep dobj nsubj
trading<-case acl:relcl compound
category<-case acl:relcl det amod
debate<-case amod
Odeon<-case
comparable<-advmod nsubj
counterpart<-case dep
warrant<-xcomp nsubj
room<-nummod
pollinate<-advmod dobj mark
Semel<-compound
picture<-det
1.5<-nmod:npmod
reinstate<-advcl dobj nmod:tmod mark
airport<-case
launch<-det nmod
Z<-case dep compound
Shea<-cc conj compound
aware<-cop ccomp
polyp<-amod
series<-acl:relcl det nmod
gulf<-case det
ask<-xcomp nsubj
greenhouse<-case appos
borrow<-xcomp dobj nsubj
half-staff<-case nmod
document<-case amod
climate<-case det amod
depletion<-case compound
bill<-nmod:poss amod
law<-cop nsubj det acl:relcl mark
institution<-dep cop acl nmod:poss amod
analyst<-dep amod
citizen<-acl:relcl
hearing<-case compound
York<-case nmod:tmod compound
double<-advmod nmod dobj
home<-advmod compound
company<-case advmod
Ritterman<-dep appos compound
reasonable<-parataxis cop
Ghana<-compound det amod
turn<-xcomp aux nsubj
service<-appos compound det amod
meet<-nmod:tmod nmod
call<-case dep det compound
fad<-case det compound
buying<-cop advmod amod neg
able<-xcomp cop ccomp
Cincinnati<-case appos
dissect<-nmod dobj
take<-advcl nsubj dobj nmod mark
body<-nmod:poss amod
loss<-det acl
bond<-case compound det amod
end<-amod compound
leader<-case amod compound
transition<-cop advmod det amod nsubj
insurer<-acl:relcl nmod
flee<-xcomp nmod
Conference<-case det compound
{<-advmod
odyssey<-det amod
better<-dep cop ccomp xcomp nsubj
ever<-case advmod
painting<-nummod nmod
1.86<-dep
trader<-case det nmod
wiggle<-advmod ccomp nsubj
open<-dep aux dobj nmod nsubj
courtyard<-nmod:poss
day<-det compound
Angels<-compound
understand<-neg dobj mark
located<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
Zulu<-det nmod compound
hire<-nsubj cc neg dobj aux conj
race<-case cc conj det
screenplay<-case det nmod
test<-case det nmod
expect<-nsubj nmod mark
elsewhere<-nmod
worker<-nummod compound
present<-dobj mark
demand<-compound nmod amod
scourge<-det amod
gold<-case cc conj
begin<-mark
Glass<-case compound
dictator<-case det nmod
relate<-compound
body<-case det amod
give<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
Sulya<-appos compound
catch<-cc cop conj nsubj mark
foreign<-advmod
chunk<-appos acl:relcl det amod
sandinista<-det nmod
Johns<-det compound
swell<-aux nmod nsubj
)<-case appos compound
generate<-advcl dobj mark
%<-cop nsubj nummod nmod mark advcl aux
government<-acl:relcl det
pass<-advmod nmod nsubj
niche<-amod
become<-xcomp aux advcl nsubj
%<-cop nummod appos
Schneider<-dep compound
dew<-nmod
Bank<-case compound nmod amod
one<-case dep
hit<-advmod nmod mark auxpass nsubjpass aux
business<-case det nmod amod
price<-case nmod:poss nmod compound
prune<-dobj advmod mark
lower<-cop nsubj advmod mark
labor<-cc conj
pacing<-case det nmod amod
due<-xcomp
asset<-det nmod
kick<-nmod nsubj
extend<-dep aux nsubj advcl
nobody<-acl:relcl
Revco<-dep
stay<-cc conj nsubj nmod mark
Report<-case compound
attack<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
error<-case
efficiency<-cc conj
Keating<-case cc conj compound
speak<-dep nmod nsubj
read<-cc auxpass conj dobj
hundred<-cc nummod conj
oven<-case compound
go<-aux dobj nsubj
pregnancy<-cc conj det nmod amod
half<-case advmod
stick-and-carrot<-case det
207<-cc cop conj dobj
conference<-dep det
have<-auxpass dobj nsubjpass mark
doorstep<-case nmod:poss
president<-appos compound amod
inundate<-aux dobj nsubj
soft<-advmod
increase<-case det amod
impressive<-advmod
need<-case acl det amod
improve<-nsubj
present<-nmod mark
close<-cop aux nsubj advmod mark
see<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
unit<-case cc nummod conj
player<-nmod
meeting<-case advmod nmod:poss
negotiation<-case
minister<-nummod compound
Libyans<-nummod acl
1965<-case
call<-dep det amod cc compound conj
age<-compound
part<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
trade<-compound amod
patient<-compound
complain<-ccomp nmod nsubj
system<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
elect<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
make<-cc dobj nsubj
juror<-acl:relcl det
article<-det
change<-advcl nmod nsubj
collapse<-case compound
require<-xcomp nsubj cc dobj aux conj
lower<-dep dobj
investigate<-dobj mark
1960<-case cc conj
record<-nmod mark
govern<-nsubj nmod mark
have<-dep advmod dobj nsubj
beeper<-det amod
write<-ccomp nsubj
manager<-det nmod compound
overhaul<-dobj
run<-case cc conj
even<-nmod:npmod
bunch<-dep det nmod
game<-cc conj
Aquino<-compound
good<-cop advmod neg nsubj
back<-cc conj dobj nsubj
mystery<-advmod cc cc:preconj nmod ccomp aux conj
replace<-dep auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
aftershock<-det
Maynard<-case advmod compound
standard<-nmod amod
market<-case det nmod:tmod compound
Ehrlich<-dep compound
live<-ccomp
company<-cc conj compound amod
intensity<-det nmod
code<-nmod:poss
transact<-aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod
match<-advmod dobj nsubj
Maronites<-case det
divide<-nmod nsubj
become<-xcomp aux nsubj advcl
average<-case compound amod
respondent<-case
agree<-xcomp advmod nsubj
Leagues<-det nmod amod
woman<-case acl:relcl amod
trifle<-det
institute<-cc xcomp conj nmod dobj
gas<-neg compound
nation<-advmod det amod
prejudice<-case cc conj
member<-compound det det:predet
Ministry<-dep det nmod
resignation<-case det nmod
address<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod mark
dismiss<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
plan<-ccomp nsubj
Everytime<-dep nsubj
show<-case nmod:poss compound
buy<-det amod
bet<-cop acl:relcl det amod
offer<-det nmod amod
loyalty<-cop compound amod mark
concern<-cop advmod mark
Ciba-Geigy<-cc conj
project<-dep det
do<-aux advmod advcl nsubj
island<-det nmod
1995<-case aux cop advmod nsubj
man<-cc conj amod
peace<-det
indicator<-det amod
nervous<-cop
head<-case nmod amod
institution<-amod compound
South<-dep det
protein<-det amod
office<-nummod nmod:poss compound
intelligence<-case compound
oblige<-xcomp aux cop nsubj
Clinton<-compound
minute<-case dep nummod det nmod amod
time<-cc appos det conj
reconstruct<-dobj mark
continue<-nsubj dobj mark
start<-nmod
current<-det
gasp<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj aux conj
planner<-acl:relcl amod
visit<-dep cc conj dobj
receive<-aux dobj
overcome<-mark
likely<-xcomp cop advmod neg nsubj
Field<-case cc conj compound
election<-det amod
grip<-det acl
coherence<-nmod:poss
do<-dep dobj
favor<-det
$<-cop nummod advmod nmod nsubj
dash<-det amod
prove<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
make<-aux advcl dobj
shrink<-nmod nsubj
abandon<-xcomp nsubj
recommendation<-case dep
161/4<-dep compound
list<-case nmod:poss nmod
increase<-nmod:poss compound
release<-nsubj dobj advcl
make<-aux nsubj dobj advmod advcl
case<-cc nummod conj nmod
battle<-case cc conj det
2.125<-dep
impose<-ccomp nmod nsubj
principal<-nummod compound
win<-cc conj nsubj mark
close<-cop nsubj
climb<-cc conj nmod nsubj
lend<-dobj nmod mark
take<-dep nmod dobj
have<-dep advmod nsubj
justify<-nmod dobj
pay<-dobj iobj nmod mark
North<-compound
overthrow<-dobj
pitch<-case compound
bad<-cop advmod nmod neg nsubj
the<-case acl:relcl
Spielvogel<-case appos compound
context<-case acl det amod
year<-nummod acl:relcl nmod
Matthews<-appos compound
determine<-aux nmod mark
face<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
economy<-det nmod
consistent<-case cop nmod
problem<-case acl:relcl
reform<-nmod amod
range<-det nmod
pressure<-cop advmod acl nmod amod
decline<-nmod compound
estimate<-case det amod
(<-det compound
wear<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj conj
extend<-nsubj advcl nmod dobj
eight<-advmod
DPC<-case
designer<-det amod
taxpayer<-case
take<-aux advmod
load<-det
Generali<-case
distribute<-aux advmod nmod
Germany<-det compound
plan<-acl:relcl det compound
proceedings<-case compound
Naples<-case
dose<-case det amod
construction<-case advmod det nmod amod
Viacom<-cc conj cc:preconj
integrity<-det nmod
concentration<-case nmod amod
upside<-dep det nmod
leave<-cc conj ccomp nsubj
plummet<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
counter<-dobj mark
work<-cc conj advmod nmod nsubj
Nature<-case nmod compound
transit<-case
improvement<-case
seize<-dobj mark
volatility<-det compound
assume<-dobj
competitor<-appos nmod:poss amod
show<-xcomp dobj
reduction<-compound nmod amod
establish<-advmod nmod
become<-xcomp aux advcl nmod nsubj
mediator<-det compound
path<-compound advmod det amod
recantation<-case det
cut<-auxpass advmod nmod compound:prt
award<-dobj nmod nsubj
contribute<-aux nmod
satisfaction<-case compound
arrest<-cop nmod
1.36<-dep
limit<-dobj nsubj
shrink<-cop
Vietnam<-case cc conj
add<-advmod nmod nsubj
strength<-nmod:poss
head<-cop nmod nsubj
liberty<-amod nmod compound
paralyze<-dobj nsubj
rights<-dep nsubj
Hermann<-compound
management<-case amod
agreement<-case acl:relcl det
nothing<-case cc conj advmod
quote<-xcomp auxpass advmod nmod ccomp
$<-nummod advmod acl:relcl nmod
wish<-xcomp nsubj
defendant<-det
Europe<-aux cop nsubj amod mark
producer<-cc conj cc:preconj
distance<-det nmod compound
establishment<-det compound
bank<-cc conj acl:relcl amod
put<-dobj nmod advmod mark
presumption<-cop ccomp det nmod mark
merger<-case amod
constitute<-dobj nsubj
demand<-case compound
represent<-cc conj nmod nsubj
headset<-case
effort<-acl amod
involve<-xcomp advmod nsubj
pillory<-cc cop conj
unit<-nmod:poss amod
like<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
claim<-nmod compound
old<-nmod:npmod cop nsubj
income<-dep acl amod
blast<-dobj
decline<-case compound det amod
face<-case det
funding<-case amod nmod compound
(<-ccomp nmod nsubj
flight<-nmod
list<-cop dep advmod det acl compound
white<-cop nsubj mark
damage<-cop nmod
tie<-aux nsubj nmod mark
growth<-case cc conj amod
estimate<-case nmod:poss
position<-amod det nmod compound
produce<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
go<-cc xcomp advmod nmod nsubj
tv<-case dep
company<-acl:relcl det compound
convert<-advmod dobj nsubj
bill<-cop neg nmod:tmod amod expl aux
stock<-nummod
set<-aux compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
call<-acl nmod:poss nsubj
adamant<-aux cop advcl nsubj
decision<-acl nsubj
plan<-dobj mark
weight<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
picture<-case dep det amod
come<-aux nsubj nmod mark
Kong<-case dep compound
problem<-dep compound
gene<-acl:relcl det
business<-nmod amod
Administration<-compound
conflict<-case cc conj
spending<-nmod
package<-nmod:poss
total<-case
give<-nmod mark
movement<-case det compound
value<-xcomp dep advmod
need<-compound
creditor<-case nmod:poss
excess<-acl:relcl det nmod
elaborate<-aux neg nsubj
set<-nmod nsubj
cost<-aux advmod csubj mark
apply<-nmod nsubj
gain<-case nmod compound
Baseball<-dep
tiptoe<-aux compound:prt nmod nsubj
expand<-xcomp aux nsubj
candidate<-nmod:poss
revoke<-dobj mark
settle<-advmod nmod
center.There<-case det
emphaticize<-aux dobj nsubj
stage<-cop cc advmod nmod dep compound conj
industry<-case nmod amod
consumer<-nummod det
stock<-dep nmod:poss
acquire<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
follow<-cc aux conj nmod nsubj
add<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
shareholder<-det amod
patient<-case nmod amod
refugee<-nummod
plan<-acl det compound
buy<-aux advmod dobj nmod mark
conclude<-nsubj ccomp mark
drug<-acl:relcl det
corner<-case det nmod
include<-parataxis dobj nsubj
bid<-nmod:poss nmod amod
integrity<-cop nsubj det nmod mark aux
complain<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
1960s<-case acl:relcl det
hold<-aux nmod:tmod nmod mark
sell<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
transaction<-det nmod
aid<-dobj mark
{<-nsubj dobj mark
fact<-case acl:relcl
label<-compound det amod
apprehension<-nmod amod
father<-compound
rise<-case cc det nmod amod conj
concern<-cop amod det nmod nsubj
competition<-det nmod
construction<-case nmod amod
cache<-det nmod amod
relate<-xcomp nsubj
liberal<-dep
cent<-case nummod acl:relcl
banking<-cc conj
rally<-amod
out<-aux ccomp
tell<-aux ccomp mark
relation<-case amod
demand<-compound amod
file<-case nmod
billion-yen<-compound
receive<-dep mark dobj advmod nsubj
responsible<-advmod
treat<-dobj
issue<-cop nmod amod
Dole<-compound
drive<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
conservationist<-compound
Bank<-case det nmod
hail<-auxpass nsubjpass advcl
bank<-nmod amod
gain<-det nmod compound
engage<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
hold<-aux ccomp
environment<-det amod
finding<-advcl
closer<-det
president<-case cc conj det amod
follow<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
range<-case det nmod compound
alarm<-cc conj
fund<-compound nmod:poss amod
go<-ccomp mark
need<-xcomp advmod nsubj
drive<-acl det amod
disintegration<-case det nmod
survey<-det nmod
surprising<-dobj mark
Mannheim<-compound
elect<-xcomp nsubj
pick<-compound amod
project<-case nummod amod
amount<-case compound amod
everyone<-aux nummod compound det cop
release<-nsubj cc neg dobj aux conj
king<-det
branch<-det amod
client<-case amod
maker<-cop nmod compound
Commission<-case cc conj det compound
extend<-advmod nmod nsubj
proceed<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
call<-ccomp nmod nsubj
ideally<-ccomp
perspective<-case
chauffeur<-case det amod
switch<-dep advmod nmod:poss acl:relcl compound
output<-case nmod amod
catch<-xcomp aux
insurer<-compound
lurch<-advmod ccomp nsubj
responsibility<-amod
sabotage<-cc conj dobj mark
year<-advmod det amod
successful<-cop advcl
have<-aux nsubj dobj nmod advcl
Espectador<-compound
show<-dobj compound:prt nsubj
thing<-det det:predet
suggest<-dobj
Nicaragua<-case nmod
class<-det amod
three<-dep det amod
decision<-case compound
willingness<-nmod:poss acl
sowing<-acl:relcl compound
cope<-nmod mark
firing<-det nmod
insistence<-det nmod
1.20<-dep
eat<-cc conj dobj nsubj
make<-parataxis nsubj dep neg dobj aux mark
expire<-nmod nsubj
acquire<-aux dobj advmod nsubj
root<-nmod nsubj
let<-cc ccomp nsubj
duty<-det
better<-aux cop nmod nsubj
line<-case advmod det acl:relcl
pay<-advcl dobj advmod mark
pick<-compound:prt dobj nmod mark
people<-acl:relcl det amod
refuse<-advmod ccomp nsubj
doctrine<-acl:relcl amod
gather<-advcl dobj
corruption<-cc conj
occur<-advcl nmod nsubj
stadium<-case det nmod compound
quo<-det nmod compound
share<-nmod:poss amod
visit<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
theme<-acl:relcl nmod
push<-dobj compound:prt
require<-xcomp parataxis nsubj neg advmod aux
Station<-case det compound
Simmons<-compound
action<-nmod:poss compound
defeat<-case
allegation<-case det acl
5.50<-case dep
roof<-dep case nummod
business<-case advmod
share<-nmod:poss nmod compound
center<-dep cc compound
defect<-case nmod
value<-nmod:poss compound
rock<-case
ruling<-case det
largest<-det nmod
drop<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
cookie<-case amod
scurry<-xcomp advmod nsubj
enough<-cop advmod neg
bus<-compound det amod
circulate<-advcl mark
stop<-xcomp nmod
symptom<-nmod:poss
Adjustment<-case
direction<-case acl:relcl det
Corp.<-case det nmod compound
Group<-case nmod:poss compound
flow<-nmod mark
reform<-case det amod
this<-case acl:relcl
pact<-det
driver<-case compound det amod
one<-cop acl:relcl nmod
schedule<-cop nmod
Korea<-compound
lender<-det
inquiry<-dep det
relax<-dobj advmod mark
money<-case nmod
follow<-dobj nmod mark
upheaval<-case det nmod amod
particular<-case nmod
lawyer<-acl det amod
cause<-aux nsubj dobj mark
chairman<-cc conj nmod amod
mist<-det
bad<-nmod
editor<-det nmod compound
Association<-compound det amod
journalism<-case
authority<-case dep nmod
have<-aux nsubj advcl dobj mark
improvement<-det compound
Tagg<-acl:relcl compound
meet<-dep advmod nsubj
remember<-dobj nsubj
selling<-case compound
break<-compound det amod
Giants<-case
consumer<-cc conj
linger<-aux nsubj
sure<-cop nsubj ccomp neg advcl
requirement<-case compound amod
Ahmanson<-compound
increase<-advcl dobj nmod mark
display<-xcomp mark
pay<-aux advcl nmod nsubj
knowledgeable<-advmod
widespread<-cop nsubj
change<-aux nmod neg nsubj
organization<-case det
ft.<-compound
motif<-case compound
incur<-dobj nmod nsubj
expect<-xcomp aux dobj nsubj
county<-case det
813/4<-dep cc nummod conj
young<-case dep conj cc
wagon<-case det
period<-det nmod
hire<-dobj
section<-dep det amod
act<-advmod nmod nsubj
Business<-case compound
salvage<-aux cop nsubj
position<-cc conj amod
triple<-advmod nmod
figure<-xcomp nsubj mark
move<-nsubj advmod nmod mark
specialist<-det
acquire<-det nmod compound
concern<-case det amod
average<-nmod
magazine<-appos acl:relcl compound
equal<-dep
chance<-case nmod:poss nmod
lineup<-dep parataxis det amod
line<-case cc conj det nmod
incident<-det
member<-cop nmod neg
ask<-dep dobj ccomp nmod nsubj
thing<-cop nummod acl:relcl
Empire<-case det compound
pact<-det nmod amod
Daniel<-case compound
employ<-advmod dobj nsubj
produce<-dep nsubj dobj mark
punishment<-case nmod:poss
associate<-compound
year<-case nummod advmod nmod
dream<-det nmod amod
yearling<-case det nmod amod
group<-compound nmod:poss nmod amod
forecast<-auxpass nmod
operate<-auxpass advmod nmod advcl
move<-cc advmod dobj nsubj
fight<-nmod mark
oppose<-advcl dobj nsubj
buying<-case
$<-nummod acl:relcl det
superior<-advmod
spare<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
use<-cop nmod mark
shop<-compound nmod amod
involve<-aux dobj nsubj
crash<-nummod
we<-cop
Jovi<-compound
proposal<-appos acl:relcl det
populous<-advmod
age<-cc nummod conj
leadership<-amod
guy<-dep cc det
piece<-case nummod nmod
painting<-case dep det
Guinea<-case compound
group<-acl:relcl det
day<-case cc advmod det nmod conj
govern<-dobj
fall<-advmod det
trade<-case cc conj amod
repeat<-mark
czar<-dep det
holder<-case
swiss<-case nummod
Drexel<-dep
move<-cop det nmod amod
figure<-compound:prt dobj mark
vehicle<-case det
decline<-case det nmod amod
mud<-det acl
hurry<-case det
fund<-dep dobj nsubj
prompt<-nmod dobj
home<-neg nmod
rest<-xcomp
bond<-case nummod compound nmod amod
former<-nummod amod
exchange<-case dep det compound
pump<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass nmod
fur<-case
Maxwell<-case appos compound
KKR<-case
tariff<-dep det
perfumed<-nsubj dobj mark
compare<-advmod nmod
Marine<-compound
Pretoria<-case
drop<-cc conj nsubj dobj advcl
something<-cop acl:relcl nsubj
elect<-cop nmod nsubj
paper<-cc conj nmod:poss amod
section<-det nmod
slow<-dobj mark
organ<-det nmod amod
hold<-xcomp dobj nsubj
republic<-case det
factory<-cc cop conj advmod amod
filing<-case det
think<-xcomp nsubj mark
live<-advcl
giveaway<-case det amod
terminal<-cop nmod amod
expect<-cc conj dobj nsubj
last<-det
intend<-xcomp nsubj advmod mark
excuse<-dep det amod
first<-dep cop advmod
have<-cc aux advmod xcomp nsubj
talk<-case amod
all<-nmod amod
policy<-nmod:poss compound
Quina<-compound
Field<-compound
support<-det
successful<-cop nmod
extend<-dobj advmod mark
catastrophe<-case
addition<-case det nmod amod
await<-dobj nmod mark
help<-xcomp aux advmod nmod nsubj
lose<-aux dobj neg nsubj
stock<-appos
condition<-nmod
faith<-cop det nmod amod
evaluate<-dobj
Rose<-case compound
bewilder<-cop nsubj advmod mark
double<-advmod nmod
socialize<-dobj mark
liberty<-case cc conj
article<-case
number<-advmod det amod
poke<-dep det
party<-acl:relcl det amod
business<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
energy<-case acl amod
trade<-dep nmod nsubj
military<-case cc conj nmod:poss nmod
statement<-case acl:relcl det
standard<-nmod:poss nmod amod
85<-dep compound
tighten<-cc conj nsubj dobj advcl
get<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
reduce<-xcomp mark
gap<-det amod
House<-dep compound
move<-ccomp nmod nsubj
raise<-acl:relcl det amod
earnings<-dep nmod amod
register<-case nmod
year<-case nmod:poss compound
two<-case nmod:npmod
high<-cop advmod ccomp nsubj
engage<-cop nsubj cc nmod advcl conj
right<-acl det amod
sponsor<-case det
strategy<-case nmod:poss compound
analyst<-compound amod
generate<-nsubj nmod mark
countryman<-case dep appos
Zurich<-case cc conj
over-magazine<-aux cop
drive<-compound:prt nmod dobj
fella<-ccomp
spend<-xcomp dobj nsubj
districts/states<-cc conj amod
Agriculture<-case cc conj
lawmaker<-case
Rorer<-nmod
have<-aux nsubj nmod dobj
target<-compound det acl:relcl amod
look<-cc cop advmod nmod nsubj
Re<-compound
notice<-dobj
pennant<-case det compound
put<-advcl dobj
ingredient<-cop nsubj nmod mark
afford<-xcomp nsubj neg nmod mark aux
start<-xcomp nmod:tmod nsubj
ask<-dep dobj advmod nsubj
power<-case acl:relcl det
plate<-det
Unilever<-case cc conj
plenty<-case nmod
run<-dobj compound:prt mark
limitation<-det amod
procedure<-case cop det xcomp compound
screening<-case
imagine<-aux ccomp neg nsubj
contract<-neg compound
diversify<-case
chairman<-compound det amod
start<-dep aux dobj nsubj
lower<-ccomp
Boys<-case det compound
decline<-case acl:relcl det amod
hear<-dobj
chip<-case det
reassert<-dobj nsubj
wood-and-brass<-nmod:poss compound
worry<-dobj mark
scenario<-nmod:poss amod
come<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj
cart<-nsubj dobj compound:prt mark
repatriate<-dobj mark
mention<-case compound det nmod amod
flow<-case cc conj compound
be<-nsubj expl advmod advcl
purge<-nmod dobj
break<-dobj nmod mark
drive<-nsubj nmod dobj advcl aux compound:prt
bid<-compound det nmod amod
revision<-acl:relcl amod
hear<-nsubj ccomp nmod mark
trade<-case appos det
1967<-case
weight<-nsubj neg advmod nmod mark aux
unfair<-cop nsubj
understand<-ccomp mark
branch<-case nummod det nmod
city<-det nmod amod
play<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
buyer<-case det
progress<-nmod
tenacious<-amod
rate<-case nmod amod
mother<-case det nmod
use<-ccomp nmod nsubj
portrait<-case amod det nmod det:predet
procedure<-det
(<-case det compound
insurance<-appos compound
espouse<-dobj nsubj
borrower<-case det nmod
put<-advcl nmod dobj
notion<-det nmod amod
careful<-cop nsubj neg mark
thing<-advmod
remain<-nsubj ccomp nmod mark
live<-ccomp nsubj
mailing<-ccomp
SDI<-case
hit<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass
afraid<-cop advmod nmod
Smith<-advmod nmod compound
dedicate<-xcomp nsubj
think<-dep nsubj mark
compare<-dobj
stock<-case nummod
swing<-nmod:poss amod
true<-dep cop
music<-nmod:poss nmod amod
Bear<-cc conj
warn<-nmod
good<-det nsubj
Island<-compound
woman<-case acl:relcl det
rip<-aux nmod nsubj
guilder<-nummod nmod
press<-det amod
price<-case appos amod
hog<-amod
Fund<-compound det nmod amod
death<-det compound
spend<-nsubj dobj nmod:tmod nmod mark
AG<-case compound amod
find<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
take<-cc conj dobj mark
slow<-dep mark
sideshow<-cop nsubj det nmod mark acl:relcl
note<-cc conj amod
make<-advcl dobj nmod mark
wear<-compound:prt dobj mark
ministry<-cop nsubj dep advmod det nmod
be<-neg ccomp
collapse<-cc conj
view<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
8.50<-case dep
capability<-amod
rob<-aux auxpass nsubjpass
wrong<-cop
represent<-dobj mark
return<-nummod advmod det nmod compound
expense<-dep nmod:poss compound
strike<-nmod:poss
show<-acl:relcl amod
fastest<-cop dep acl cc conj mark
hand<-advmod compound:prt dobj mark
calm<-cc aux conj compound:prt nsubj
military<-case det
tag<-compound det amod
different<-cop advmod
feel<-nsubj ccomp
perestroika<-case appos
workings<-case advmod det nmod amod
Ngoc<-compound
Order<-dep compound det amod
urge<-dobj nsubj
eliminate<-nsubj cc nmod:tmod nmod mark aux conj
offer<-advcl dobj
increase<-acl nmod compound
access<-nmod compound
option<-nummod
most<-acl:relcl nmod
volatility<-det nmod amod
result<-case nmod:poss
view<-det nmod
somebody<-advmod
today<-cc conj
quality<-case cc conj
regard<-dep cop advmod nsubj
cleanse<-dobj mark
phone<-case det
Bear<-det
hear<-dep aux dobj nmod nsubj
decide<-advcl nmod nsubj
better<-acl:relcl
promotion<-det
pull<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
week<-case acl det amod
intelligence<-case nmod
Group<-case cc conj nmod compound
performance<-det nmod amod
magazine<-compound nmod nsubj
nation<-compound amod
restriction<-cc conj compound amod
case<-case advmod det
force<-case det nmod
organize<-aux dobj nsubj
free<-dep dobj mark
blame<-ccomp nsubj
1900<-case
Thatcher<-nmod compound
plan<-nsubj mark
plane<-case compound amod
run<-xcomp nmod
charge<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
parking<-nmod
get<-aux nmod advcl
influence<-det nmod
speculation<-amod
pay<-cc conj
top<-det nmod
implement<-dep compound advmod det amod
mechanism<-case det nmod amod
Har-Lev<-cc conj compound
sell<-aux dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
court<-case det nmod
store<-case amod
conversation<-nmod:poss amod
recall<-ccomp
gun<-det
mostly<-xcomp
lay<-dep aux dobj nsubj
1987<-case nmod
nation<-case amod
Fournier<-compound
threat<-det compound
surface<-nmod mark
rise<-case amod
property<-case nmod amod
interest<-advmod det
make<-aux nsubj dobj advcl
mark<-nmod dobj
argue<-nsubj ccomp mark
broker<-case cc conj
terrain<-case amod
court<-cc conj advmod det compound
policyholder<-case nmod:poss nmod
conference<-case dep appos det nmod compound
insider<-case det
institution<-det amod
deny<-cc conj dobj
Computer<-acl:relcl compound
have<-xcomp nsubj neg nmod ccomp aux
bottle<-amod
advance<-cc conj dobj nsubj
23<-case nmod
program<-acl det amod
step<-case nmod:poss amod
opportunity<-case compound amod
range<-case cop amod det nsubj
force<-aux advcl
bag<-cop det amod
States<-det compound
appreciation<-case det nmod amod
do<-mark nmod nsubj
go<-xcomp cc conj nsubj mark
support<-xcomp nsubj
falsify<-xcomp mark
harder<-xcomp cop advcl
facility<-det
cost<-det nmod compound
stage<-amod
salary<-case det amod
contact<-xcomp nsubj
Tea<-compound
outrage<-case nmod amod
quotation<-nmod:poss nmod
atop<-dep nsubj
business<-case nmod:poss acl
suffer<-nmod mark
privacy<-case nmod
difficult<-aux cop advcl nsubj
1.1960<-case dep
convert<-nmod:tmod nsubj
wages<-case cc conj
strategist<-compound nmod amod
increase<-case amod det nmod compound
rate<-amod det compound
Lost<-xcomp dobj nmod nsubj
scandal<-case nmod compound
third<-case advmod nmod
crossfire<-case det nmod
stadium<-case det
instigate<-dobj nsubj
remove<-dobj nmod mark
daughter<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
analysis<-compound amod
Sansui<-case
house<-dep compound det amod
hope<-cop ccomp
find<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
chap<-case det amod
finance<-case amod
Tennessee<-cc conj
curator<-det nmod amod
believe<-nsubj mark
evocative<-nmod
product<-acl:relcl amod
worry<-nsubj ccomp mark
surface<-case det
approval<-case nmod compound
firm<-dep det nmod amod cc conj
coverage<-case
1988<-case appos
offering<-compound det amod
subject<-aux cop nmod neg
produce<-cc conj dobj
ask<-xcomp dobj mark
destroy<-dobj mark
Carlos<-compound
70<-case dep
stock<-aux dobj nsubj
liability<-case nmod:poss
marketer<-dep nsubj
October<-case advmod
880<-compound
buy<-case nmod dobj
serious<-cop nsubj ccomp advmod mark
emerge<-advmod nmod
portfolio<-compound det amod
lower<-dep advmod nsubj
owner<-amod
enough<-cop neg nmod mark csubj aux
yield<-dep det nmod amod
Washington<-case cc conj
connection<-dep compound det amod
strike<-cop det neg
standard<-case det
legislator<-case det amod
requirement<-case amod
output<-compound amod
horse<-det
project<-case acl:relcl nmod
vogue<-case cop
market<-aux dobj nsubj
infringe<-nsubj dobj mark
size<-advmod nmod:poss
Marlowe<-case advmod nmod
approach<-dobj nsubj
Mitchell<-nmod compound
printer<-case nummod
give<-nsubj nmod compound:prt iobj aux dobj
Strategy<-compound
55<-case
they<-acl:relcl nmod
detector<-compound
grow<-advmod dobj nsubj
height<-case advmod
least<-dep advmod
collar<-det
41<-dep compound
counterespionage<-amod
thing<-dep det amod
list<-cop nmod
guy<-case det compound
quack<-dep
bar<-cop nsubj det nmod amod mark
finance<-case dep
report<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
report<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
age<-case dep compound
foreign-exchange<-cc conj det
muck<-case nmod:poss amod
227/8<-dep compound
fund<-aux dobj
put<-auxpass advcl compound:prt
Marx<-compound
Lexington<-case
elevator<-compound amod
nuisance<-det amod
executive<-compound amod
office<-case compound
say<-advmod dobj nsubj
deal<-case advmod nmod
twice<-advmod
intelligence<-case
appearance<-nmod
partnership<-case det
worry<-xcomp nmod:tmod nsubj
inclination<-dep det amod
model<-compound
dynamism<-case nmod:poss
client<-case nmod amod
prescribe<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
emphasis<-det nmod
abuse<-compound
close<-det
Cohen<-appos compound
line<-cc cop conj nmod nsubj
obtain<-advcl dobj
stifle<-case advcl dobj
taco<-case nmod:poss
standard<-case
character<-dep
fill<-dobj ccomp mark
those<-cc acl:relcl
Bush<-acl compound
resign<-nmod mark
set<-xcomp
candidate<-cop det nmod mark
10<-dep
ruble<-cop advmod
report<-dep advmod dobj nsubj
shock<-case det nmod amod
justify<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
evening<-case det
angry<-advmod nmod
offset<-dobj nmod nsubj
cross-licensing<-case advmod nmod
erupt<-dep advmod
expert<-case det
improvement<-compound
interest<-acl:relcl nmod compound
begin<-dep nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
run<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass
walk<-aux nmod compound:prt
breaking<-det nmod
investigator<-appos amod
trade<-nmod mark
fall<-aux neg nsubj
patient<-compound amod
advanced<-advmod
supply<-compound
trappings<-det nmod
indict<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
ban<-advcl aux nsubj nmod mark
lender<-case det
news<-dep amod
bribe<-det amod
1933<-case
supply<-det
early<-xcomp cop advmod
mistake<-nmod:poss amod
officer<-nmod:poss amod
raise<-aux nmod dobj
ask<-xcomp mark
cinema<-nummod
secretary<-dep det
instruction<-case
Mixte<-case cc:preconj compound
bill<-case appos acl:relcl det amod
firm<-case acl:relcl det amod
seriousness<-case cc conj det nmod
speed<-compound:prt
prowl<-case cop det nmod
block<-nmod dobj
pay<-aux dobj nmod neg nsubj
contraction<-det nmod amod
reduction<-det compound
Graphics<-compound
man<-cop acl:relcl det
gram<-det nmod
3.3<-advmod
Rock<-cc conj nmod:poss nmod amod
D.C.<-case compound
$<-case nummod advmod appos
median<-case det nmod
adjust<-dobj nmod mark
issue<-nmod dobj
Sawyer<-compound
obtain<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
photo<-case nummod nmod
certain<-cop ccomp
nation<-det nmod
application<-compound
this<-dep parataxis
chain<-case compound det amod
fall<-advmod nmod mark
III<-appos compound
insulin<-case amod
cautious<-cop advmod
sage<-case nummod nmod compound
slow<-dobj
figure<-compound det amod
reduction<-case compound
file<-aux advcl nmod nsubj
Farm<-case compound
have<-advmod dobj mark
Kirkland<-dep
crowd<-advmod det nmod amod advcl aux
maker<-case nummod det
skiing<-compound
rice<-cc conj
state<-case cc conj det
rescission<-nummod
seven<-nmod
Corp<-dep compound
Motor<-case compound
yield<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
Halloween<-case compound
do<-aux nsubj ccomp advmod dobj
hop<-case nmod
daughter<-nmod:poss
III<-cop nsubj cc mark compound conj
lead<-compound det nmod amod
include<-ccomp dobj
buy-out<-det compound
crazy<-case
know<-aux advmod ccomp neg nsubj
willing<-xcomp aux cop nsubj
insurance<-case compound nmod amod
Oppenheimer<-case cc conj
isolate<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
suspend<-dobj
1.25<-dep
understand<-dobj nsubj
take<-aux advmod nmod neg nsubj
platoon<-det nmod
member<-acl:relcl compound
trader<-case dep det amod
15,000<-dep nmod
strike<-det nmod amod
honor<-dobj nmod mark
mainframe<-nmod:poss amod
impossible<-nsubj
pressure<-case compound amod
country<-case cop nmod amod
direction<-case nmod:poss
script<-dep det
banner<-case det nmod
1972<-case appos nmod
damages<-case
critical<-nmod
subsidiary<-appos compound nmod:poss amod
focus<-cc conj nmod
99<-case
year<-dep nummod amod
deprive<-aux dobj nmod neg
place<-dobj nmod nsubj
officialdom<-case compound
count<-case compound det det:predet
tie<-nmod
build<-cc auxpass conj nmod
Beebes<-case det
she<-case cop dep
look<-nsubj cc advmod nmod aux conj
stunning<-advmod
pit<-case compound det amod
Japanese<-dep det
orchard<-case det nmod
own<-auxpass nmod
tell<-xcomp nsubj mark
post<-advmod dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
vote<-case nmod
ec.in<-case det
parent<-case appos nmod:poss
environmentalism<-case
secure<-advmod
translate<-dobj nmod mark
Motel<-case cop det compound
1.30<-dep
bring<-parataxis nsubj advmod dobj advcl aux
agreement<-acl nsubj
delete<-cop nsubj advmod mark
amendment<-case det
president<-cc conj amod
IBM<-case acl:relcl
anything<-case acl:relcl
cool<-advcl dobj mark
weigh<-dobj nsubj
County<-case compound
S.p.A.<-compound
computer<-case nmod
investor<-case det amod
humble<-cop nsubj nmod advmod advcl
Pete<-cc conj
funding<-amod
brushback<-nmod
bill<-nmod
sell<-advmod nmod ccomp
have<-aux dobj advcl neg
provide<-aux ccomp nsubj dobj mark
old<-nmod:npmod cop
district<-case cc det nmod compound conj
QuesTech<-case
hair<-nsubj
chance<-dep det
movie<-case acl:relcl det amod
pay<-mark
turn<-nsubj cc advmod nmod aux conj
roadblock<-amod
shuttle<-det nmod ccomp
do<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
plea<-det nmod
staff<-det
38.50<-case dep nmod
valuable<-dep det
knack<-det acl
see<-aux advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
street<-cc conj det nmod
end<-amod
call<-case compound
country<-advcl det dobj
East<-case det compound
truck<-case compound
skyscraper<-det
investment<-amod det nmod compound
response<-case nmod:poss
small<-cc cop conj advmod xcomp
reach<-dobj advmod mark
expect<-ccomp nmod nsubj
Islands<-case det compound
long<-cop nsubj nmod:npmod nmod cc conj
system<-cc conj compound det amod
trustee<-cc dep conj compound
joke<-det
team<-nsubj mark
select<-advmod
foot<-dep amod
work<-cc aux conj nmod:tmod dobj
fault<-cc nummod advmod conj amod
recommend<-dep ccomp nsubj
analyst<-case nummod acl:relcl appos
credit<-det amod
Rosen<-compound
share<-dep nummod
ask<-aux ccomp nsubj
wish<-cc conj nsubj ccomp advcl
disclose<-nsubj ccomp mark
exceed<-cc conj dobj
economy<-cc dep advmod det
less<-cop
effect<-case dep
pump<-dobj nmod nsubj
cosmetic<-case
purchase<-aux cop nsubj advmod mark
banana<-amod compound
rein<-nmod mark
pill<-det compound
top<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
art<-case nmod
mandate<-det
genprobe<-xcomp
solid<-nmod:tmod
U.N.<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
college<-cc conj compound
plan<-compound amod
Movieline<-case
increase<-case
impound<-auxpass nmod
report<-dep det
way<-case nmod:poss compound
listen<-advcl
acquisition<-det nmod
chlorofluorocarbon<-amod
leadership<-det nmod amod
mood<-case cc conj det
tap<-advcl dobj mark
firm<-nummod advmod
Monday<-case amod
Atlantis<-case det compound
patriotic<-cop advcl
lawsuit<-case nmod:poss
already<-nmod:npmod
raise<-ccomp advmod dobj nsubj
1.12<-dep
ban<-dobj mark
cope<-advmod nmod mark
design<-case dep nmod
terminal<-case nummod det nmod compound
say<-nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
Netherlands<-case det
brochure<-case det compound
Panama<-case cc conj
pledge<-case acl nmod:poss amod
brief<-cc aux conj cop nsubj
affluent<-advmod
pick<-xcomp nsubj
gene<-case acl:relcl det
ease<-ccomp mark
take<-aux nsubj dobj advcl mark
stock<-cc conj amod
krona<-dep
point<-nummod appos
flow<-nmod amod
effort<-nmod:poss compound
point<-cop nsubj advmod det nmod amod
empire<-nmod:poss compound
center<-case det nmod
staging<-dobj nmod mark
action<-compound det amod
Entertainment<-dep compound
stooge<-case nmod:poss amod
union<-det compound
fairly<-cc conj advmod
have<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj aux mark
2.02<-dep
introduce<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
meeting<-amod
challenge<-det
fine<-cop
NASAA<-appos
collapse<-det amod
debenture<-dep nummod det compound
ok<-nsubj dep dobj cc advcl conj
roof<-case det nmod
infant<-det
School<-case det compound
condition<-amod
pregnant<-advmod
camouflage<-nmod
Mines<-compound
capriciousness<-det
Saab<-case
heavier<-cop nsubj nmod advcl mark
divert<-dobj nmod mark
3,524,000<-case dep
file<-nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
read<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
step<-aux compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
pair<-xcomp aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod
weak<-cop advmod nsubj
succeed<-nsubj
Korotich<-compound
contribution<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
staff<-dep nmod:poss
requirement<-acl det amod
bond<-case det
Britain<-cc conj nmod
change<-ccomp nsubj
Sala<-compound
mean<-nsubj
inform<-nmod advcl
trouble<-dep neg
factor<-det nmod amod
year<-nmod:poss nmod amod
name<-det amod
rule<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
buy<-dobj nmod advmod nsubj
bow<-dobj nsubj
maintain<-xcomp mark
International<-nmod:poss compound
behavior<-case amod
fear<-nmod amod
500<-case dep conj cc
want<-xcomp aux advmod neg nsubj
lap<-advmod nsubj
line<-acl:relcl amod
ironic<-cop ccomp
confiscate<-dobj mark
activity<-case nummod
publisher<-amod
Wright<-case compound
control<-advmod dobj nsubj
book<-case nmod amod
end<-compound
turn<-xcomp aux compound:prt nsubj
do<-aux advmod neg nsubj
conviction<-case amod
experiment<-case acl:relcl det
car<-cc conj compound
executive<-case nmod compound
massage<-det
National<-dep compound
slow<-dep cop nsubj nmod mark
merge<-nmod nsubj
aim<-aux ccomp nsubj
risk<-dep det
prevent<-advmod dobj
end<-aux nmod dobj
claim<-case amod
outnumber<-dep compound
watch<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
begin<-cc conj dobj
Fund<-det compound
article<-case compound
Salinas<-case compound
Perrier<-cc conj
6,805<-case dep
lower<-dobj mark
watch<-nmod dobj
roll<-case cop nsubj advmod det mark
policy<-compound amod
bankrupt<-cop nsubj dep advmod nmod mark
candidate<-det
store<-nummod amod
earthquake<-case nmod:poss
premium<-case acl:relcl det
declare<-nsubj dobj mark
1988<-case det
man<-case advmod det acl:relcl
breakfast<-case nmod
be<-advmod compound:prt
amount<-dep det det:predet
want<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
spark<-cc advmod nmod dobj conj ccomp
take<-dobj iobj nsubj
perpetrate<-case compound nmod amod
night<-case dep nummod det nmod compound
criticize<-dobj mark
rank<-dobj
corridor<-case det nmod amod
government<-case acl amod
change<-case det compound
shake<-nmod dobj
threatening<-dobj mark
unit<-nmod:poss nmod compound
brand<-cop nsubj cc nummod compound conj nmod:poss
camera<-cc conj det
bloc<-dep det compound
barrier<-compound
Trotter<-compound
gain<-case nmod
daughter<-xcomp nsubj
situation<-nmod:poss
June<-case nummod nmod
pack<-dep det compound
rate<-case cc conj amod
difference<-nmod
reflect<-advmod ccomp nsubj
become<-xcomp nsubj advcl dobj mark
brand<-dep advmod nmod
cholesterol<-case
subgroup<-case
forecast<-dobj mark
tooth<-det amod
uncover<-xcomp advmod
have<-nsubj mark
refinery<-nmod:poss nmod
disruption<-neg advmod nmod amod
term<-acl:relcl det
advertiser<-nmod
start<-cc conj nsubj
protect<-aux advcl
machine<-compound nmod:poss nmod amod
Fazio<-compound
)<-xcomp nmod nsubj
need<-cc advmod dobj nsubj
Herrman<-compound
skeptical<-cop nmod advcl
concern<-case nmod:poss amod
cover<-dep aux nmod nsubj
judge<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
generate<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
ask<-dep xcomp nsubj
cricket<-case nmod
investor<-det acl
rule<-dep cop det
delay<-cc conj dobj nmod mark
pay<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
way<-case det det:predet
component<-det nmod
evidence<-nmod
RICO<-dep
cent<-nummod advmod
taxpayer<-case amod
sold.the<-cop ccomp
Gogh<-case compound
Henderson<-compound
steal<-xcomp nsubj
exploration<-cc conj amod
work<-dep det
nominee<-case nummod compound
year<-case cc nummod conj
denounce<-dobj nmod nsubj
net<-case
economist<-nmod compound
distribution<-det nmod
paper<-case det amod
knowledge<-amod
Free<-case
potential<-case det nmod amod
bid<-case advmod det amod
director<-cc conj det compound
end<-aux compound:prt dobj nsubj
restaurant<-case compound det amod
rob<-case
japanese<-dep nmod dobj
meantime<-case det
firm<-nmod:poss
case<-case det nmod compound
pc<-xcomp nmod nsubj
cup<-cc conj det
investor<-advmod amod
sidetrack<-dobj mark
market<-case nmod compound
S.p.A.<-nmod compound
probe<-dep compound amod
sell<-advmod dobj nmod compound:prt
finance<-case compound
necessity<-cop advcl det amod
woman<-case det amod
amount<-case amod
Belgium<-nmod
pay<-aux nsubj mark
fray<-auxpass nmod
be<-xcomp parataxis advmod nsubj
communist<-advcl
CDs<-amod
offer<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
rush<-parataxis aux advmod dobj nsubj
Labatt<-case
opinion<-case det nmod
dividend<-compound
institute<-case det
anxiety<-case cc conj
room<-case
warrant<-case det compound
do<-aux
quit<-advcl ccomp nsubj
officer<-appos det amod
obligation<-det
chance<-acl det amod
admit<-nsubj ccomp mark
act<-advmod nmod advcl
Bush<-compound amod
become<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
drive<-dobj nmod nsubj
field<-case det compound
american<-advmod
support<-case dep nmod
Party<-compound
rent<-nmod
way<-dep
say<-aux nmod nsubj
selective<-nmod
hit<-aux dobj nsubj
establish<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
write<-nmod dobj
withhold<-nmod dobj
healthy<-cop nmod nsubj
available<-advmod
crack<-case det nmod
win<-aux dobj nsubj
ask<-advmod ccomp nsubj
keep<-dep nsubj
offering<-xcomp
open<-nsubj ccomp advcl
show<-nmod mark
bell<-case advmod det compound
resident<-nummod
plant<-det nmod amod
win<-nsubj
competition<-case det amod
lie<-cc conj compound:prt nmod nsubj
headquarters<-det compound
play<-parataxis nsubj neg advmod dobj aux mark
harm<-advmod dobj nsubj
allegedly<-case
apologize<-advcl nsubj mark
1969<-case amod
mourning<-case
true<-parataxis cop nsubj
decade<-case nummod
tell<-aux dobj
Australia<-dep compound
mature<-cc conj
Life<-compound
cool<-cop nmod
resistance<-case nmod amod
find<-cc conj dobj nsubj
ministry<-compound acl:relcl amod
Milan<-case cc conj
victory<-dobj ccomp nsubj
aw<-dep
join<-compound:prt nmod mark
easy<-cop
Hastings<-compound
Capitol<-case det
raise<-advmod nmod dobj
muzzle<-dep xcomp nsubj
coin<-det amod
2791.41<-case nmod
target<-nmod dobj
fetus<-case amod
get<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
turn<-cc conj advmod
video<-case compound amod
volume<-case compound acl amod
accompany<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
development<-nmod:poss compound
interest<-case cc neg det nmod amod conj
do<-cc ccomp
stand<-xcomp nsubj mark
executive<-case det compound
Va.<-case compound
negotiate<-nmod
envelope<-case
useful<-xcomp cop conj cc nsubj
safeguard<-dobj mark
perturb<-nsubj cc nmod dobj conj mark
easier<-nmod nsubj
receive<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
prosecutor<-nmod
execute<-dobj mark
500<-advmod
decline<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
move<-cop nsubj acl advcl
request<-dobj mark
know-how<-case
occur<-nsubj
consort<-case
have<-dep nsubj ccomp advmod mark
research<-case nmod amod
account<-case nmod amod
mile<-nummod nmod
section<-nummod
board<-det amod
business<-dep compound
store<-det ccomp
security<-nmod
place<-det compound
collect<-dobj nsubj
time<-case det nmod det:predet
shipment<-nmod compound
clear<-cc conj
signal<-det
exchange<-dobj iobj mark
coach<-case compound
reversal<-case det nmod
change<-case compound
heron<-dep cc conj det
have<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj advcl aux
see<-dep mark
PLC<-case nmod compound
Stevric<-case
watch<-cc conj dobj nsubj
move<-aux nmod neg nsubj
demand<-xcomp dep advmod
producer<-case acl:relcl amod
finance<-cc conj
Panama<-case det
Ministry<-case det nmod compound
enter<-aux advcl neg nsubj
timid<-cop nmod
fritter<-dep
rash<-det nmod
Williams<-appos compound
job<-case amod
oils<-case nmod amod
facility<-dep det amod
Organization<-det nmod
glut<-cc conj det
ship<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
20,000<-dep nmod
label<-det compound
offer<-case compound amod
begin<-nsubj mark
extend<-nsubj nmod compound:prt
destroy<-aux mark
effective<-cop advmod advcl ccomp
painting<-det
Tampa<-case
level<-nmod:poss compound
service<-case nmod amod
withdraw<-xcomp nsubj dep dobj aux mark
hero<-case nmod amod
resiliency<-nmod:poss
Fuji<-dep det
reach<-case det nmod
bang<-dep nmod nsubj
level<-case compound amod
learn<-dobj nmod nsubj
Young<-appos compound
alien<-cc cop nmod nsubj
demonstrate<-dobj nsubj
23.1<-advmod
clinic<-nummod advmod nmod amod
pricing<-nmod amod
subordinate<-det acl
island<-case det compound
farmer<-case
gear<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
two<-advmod nmod
put<-cc nmod compound:prt mark conj dobj
planner<-amod
371.20<-case dep
move<-compound:prt advmod mark
move<-aux advcl neg
exemption<-det
collection<-dep
judge<-det nmod amod
deficit<-compound amod
moment<-cop advmod acl:relcl nmod
teach<-xcomp dobj nsubj
unsettling<-aux cop nmod advmod nsubj
crisis<-compound
hit<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
gain<-nsubj cc nmod dobj conj ccomp
prompt<-xcomp
meet<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
Assistant<-dep nmod
respond<-advmod
Greenfield<-case nmod:poss compound
give<-dobj iobj nmod mark
1980<-advmod
district<-det acl
fund<-dep det amod
ineffectiveness<-det nmod amod
shipment<-compound
15,000<-case dep
stem<-dobj mark
non-invasive<-advmod
stock<-case cc nummod det compound conj
Bargen<-compound
encourage<-nmod
maker<-dep det compound
payment<-case nmod amod
turn<-nmod mark
club<-case det
encounter<-advmod dobj nsubj
eliminate<-nmod dobj
executive<-cc conj amod
tactic<-case det
assume<-advcl mark
speed<-det
found<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
take<-xcomp nsubj dobj mark
black<-cop nsubj dep neg amod cc conj mark
report<-nmod:poss amod
penny<-case nummod det nmod compound
Equipment<-compound
market<-acl:relcl det
court<-case compound det nmod amod
put<-dobj
reckon<-dobj nsubj
pop<-nsubj advmod nmod mark advcl aux
famous<-advmod
secretary<-nmod
praise<-dobj nsubj
negotiate<-nmod dobj
doctor<-compound
omit<-auxpass nsubjpass
Horizons<-compound
pace<-case nmod:poss amod
deem<-dep xcomp auxpass nsubjpass mark
Jiangsu<-cc conj
Plaza<-det compound
out-of-stater<-case
hearing<-nmod:tmod nmod dobj
retrieve<-dobj nmod mark
fundamental<-dep det nmod
do<-advmod nmod
make<-xcomp dobj
debenture<-cop nsubj cc amod compound conj nmod:poss
pass<-advmod nmod mark
Chancellor<-det nmod
plan<-neg acl
everything<-case acl:relcl
account<-nmod
record<-advcl dobj mark
buy<-nsubj
mop<-dobj
drop<-dep aux dobj nsubj
hand<-nmod:poss
junk<-acl
raise<-xcomp nsubj nmod advcl
Ventures<-case compound
more<-cc
stand<-advmod nmod nsubj
headquarters<-case compound det nmod amod
introduce<-xcomp aux
question<-case nmod
operation<-nsubj
tell<-xcomp
cent<-case nummod compound
view<-case nmod
pork<-case
member<-case det nmod compound
Rahn<-compound
ratify<-nmod dobj
peddle<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass dobj
sign<-compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
Airport<-case appos compound
fall<-cc conj compound:prt nsubj
regulate<-dobj
more<-det nmod
Rico<-case amod compound
serial<-amod
Schwartz<-compound
off<-advmod
employee<-det amod
limitation<-det nmod amod
rename<-dobj
pattern<-case amod
risk<-acl det amod
throw<-compound:prt dobj
suggest<-xcomp advmod nsubj
architect<-case
close<-nsubj mark
station<-compound
cent<-case det
activism<-case dep advmod nmod amod
view<-cop advmod nmod acl
leveraged<-nmod:npmod cop nsubj
concern<-case amod
establish<-dep parataxis advmod dobj nsubj
penetrate<-nsubj cc neg advmod dobj aux conj
buy<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
ban<-dobj nmod mark
fitness<-amod
write<-compound:prt dobj mark
terminate<-advcl dobj mark
information<-case
man<-cop nsubj det amod acl:relcl mark
slide<-dobj nmod nsubj
Tide<-cc conj
run<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
benefit<-nmod dobj
retain<-dobj iobj mark
stand<-advmod compound:prt nmod nsubj
operator<-det compound
experience<-det
riskier<-nmod:npmod cop nmod nsubj
vote<-case det amod
exonerate<-nmod:npmod
plan<-neg acl amod
reduce<-cc conj nmod dobj
brawl<-nmod
coast<-acl:relcl det
discredit<-auxpass nmod
Sullivan<-case compound
intruder<-det
dramatic<-nmod:npmod cop dep nsubj
Morishita<-case compound
recommendation<-nmod:poss
communist<-compound det nmod amod
tally<-case det nmod compound
mr.phillips<-amod
level<-case nmod:poss amod
strengthen<-nmod nsubj
Nghe<-compound
involve<-parataxis advmod dobj
embed<-nsubj nmod ccomp
Perk<-compound amod
Airlines<-case cc conj nmod compound
shaped<-advmod
explore<-xcomp mark
make<-nmod:tmod dobj
prospectus<-det nmod
take<-advmod nmod
stage<-case det compound
have<-nsubj ccomp nmod advcl
agent<-amod
hour<-case det nmod
shah<-det
plunge<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
put<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
knowledge<-case appos nmod:poss
colleague<-case
fund<-case nummod det
understand<-parataxis advmod dobj nsubj
grow<-aux advmod nmod neg nsubj
share<-cop amod nmod nsubj
hail<-advcl dobj
carry<-xcomp nsubj
able<-xcomp cop neg nsubj
buy<-dobj ccomp mark
range<-det
flight<-case nmod compound
board<-nummod compound appos amod
trumpet<-dobj nsubj
milk<-aux dobj nmod neg nsubj
c<-case dep advmod amod
field<-det nmod
give<-dep dobj nsubj
oncogene<-det
carry<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
core<-nmod
climb<-case compound
offer<-aux dobj ccomp nmod nsubj
stitch<-advmod
line<-case nmod:poss nmod compound
lift<-discourse nmod dobj
conferee<-nummod
Utah<-case
policy<-nmod:poss nmod
decline<-case
material<-case acl:relcl det
belief<-case amod
protect<-aux dobj neg nsubj
see<-advcl mark dobj
jog<-nmod nsubj
product<-advmod det
haven<-case acl:relcl det
chest<-case nmod:poss
fee<-case compound
estimate<-nummod nmod:poss compound
king<-case det compound
call<-det
have<-aux advmod nsubj
sustainability<-det nmod
undeveloped<-advmod ccomp
plunge<-det compound
tighten<-dep nsubj
Ciavarella<-appos compound
call<-compound det amod
DeScenza<-appos compound
Alexander<-nmod compound
hoodwink<-dobj nmod nsubj
fundamental<-advmod
)<-dep
print<-cc ccomp
happen<-aux advcl nsubj
aide<-amod
convention<-case nummod det compound
fish<-det
easily<-advmod
high<-cc conj det nmod
dollar<-case det amod
keep<-nmod compound:prt
change<-case advmod dobj
company<-cop advmod acl:relcl amod
report<-nmod:tmod nsubj
system<-dep compound det amod
boy<-acl:relcl nsubj
theory<-amod
sale<-cop compound det neg
GMAC<-case
tiger<-case acl:relcl amod
case<-cop expl det amod advcl aux ccomp
offer<-ccomp mark
schmoozing<-compound
fix<-aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod
salt<-case
seven<-case
Antarctica<-case
late<-xcomp cop advmod nsubj
credit<-case compound
49,000<-advmod
price<-acl:relcl det amod
reorganization<-det
admit<-ccomp mark
buckle<-cc conj mark
fight<-cc conj nmod nsubj
govern<-auxpass nmod
adjacent<-nmod
large<-cop nsubj advmod mark
concentrate<-compound
apple<-dep compound
address<-dep dobj mark
state<-nmod nsubj
car<-cc conj amod
mark<-case nummod nmod
count<-aux cop nmod neg nsubj
rival<-dep amod
hurt<-advmod dobj
break<-aux nsubj advmod nmod mark
Bach<-case
view<-case det amod
Alaska<-case
resume<-case nummod det nmod
nest<-nmod:poss nmod amod
demonstrate<-ccomp nsubj
farmer<-cop acl:relcl det nmod:tmod nsubj
guy<-dep det
cite<-xcomp nsubj
sell<-nsubj advmod nmod:tmod nmod dobj advcl aux
banking<-case cc conj amod
sever<-dobj
company<-cc amod
content<-case cc conj det nmod
life<-cc dep nmod:poss nmod compound
barrier<-amod
mean<-cc aux dobj neg nsubj
rise<-cc conj dobj ccomp nsubj
Adams<-case compound
rule<-nmod dobj
send<-aux nmod mark
lead<-aux nmod
banker<-cc conj advmod det
director<-det amod
asset<-case det
live<-advmod nsubj
low<-aux cop nmod advmod nsubj
feed<-cop advmod neg
1991<-nmod
emphasize<-advmod nmod dobj
endangerment<-case compound
writings<-case amod
database<-case
chairman<-cc conj det
feeling<-nmod:poss compound
Zimbabwe<-case
establishment<-case compound det amod
easier<-nsubj
fraction<-det nmod
swing<-case nmod amod
he<-amod
have<-advcl dobj advmod nsubj
leave<-advcl
more<-xcomp cop nmod
week<-det nmod amod
chase<-aux nsubj dobj advcl
express<-nmod
build<-aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod
rocket<-cc conj compound:prt dobj nsubj
host<-nmod:poss
sabotage<-case cc conj
instrument<-case nmod:poss amod
give<-ccomp dobj iobj nsubj
publish<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
feel<-aux ccomp neg nsubj
conference<-case det nmod compound
psyllium<-cc conj
scandal<-det amod
carry<-advmod compound:prt dobj nsubj
future<-nmod
job<-det compound
lose<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
keep<-nsubj ccomp nmod mark
juror<-amod
reduce<-dep nmod dobj
responsive<-cc cop conj nmod
visit<-acl nmod amod
Center<-case cop nsubj cc det amod compound conj
machine<-dep det
want<-dep
much<-cop nmod neg
grow<-xcomp mark
vote<-compound
competition<-case det
%<-advmod nmod compound
contract<-compound nmod amod
opponent<-case det amod
add<-advcl nsubj nmod advmod mark
he<-dep conj
theory<-case cc conj amod
trouble<-amod
battle<-ccomp nsubj
jewboy<-case
direct-steelmaking<-cc conj
continue<-advcl nmod dobj
Bakker<-case compound
remove<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
level<-case acl det amod
manner<-case det amod
invitation<-neg amod
squeeze<-advmod dobj
they<-nsubj
sleeper<-cop det
update<-dobj mark
create<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
be<-parataxis advmod nsubj
Bank<-case cc conj nmod compound
make<-dep aux advmod dobj nsubj
benefit-seeking<-amod
innocence<-case
Panetta<-compound
addition<-case appos
anxiety<-cc cop conj amod nsubj
owner<-det nmod
RISC<-cc
Barnicle<-dep compound
call<-advcl dobj nsubj
room<-amod
squelch<-auxpass
steam<-case
file<-dobj nsubj
figure<-dep det
accord<-det nmod
finances<-xcomp nsubj mark
pillar<-det
Libyans<-nummod
agree<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
but<-advmod
union<-dep det
burst<-cc conj nmod nsubj
dealer<-case compound det nmod amod
client<-case nmod
music<-case det
gin<-nmod:poss
substitute<-cop nmod neg
101<-case
demagogic<-advmod
Friday<-det
lie<-xcomp mark
less<-cop nsubj cc advmod ccomp aux conj
lawyer<-compound det amod
tape<-case
call<-aux dobj mark
impact<-dep det
Lin<-case
wave<-det nmod
880<-case nmod compound
steal<-advmod nmod
act<-case
leader<-cop nsubj cc advcl det nmod compound conj
movie<-cc conj
refunding<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
performance<-case det nmod amod
bucket<-case nmod
help<-aux nsubj mark
have<-nsubj neg nmod dobj advcl aux mark
spectator<-compound amod
responsibility<-nsubj
consider<-aux compound:prt nmod dobj
rebound<-case det compound
professional<-cop acl:relcl det amod
do<-cc ccomp nsubj dobj mark
Venus<-case
Bostian<-compound
become<-aux nsubj ccomp advmod mark
inclusion<-det nmod
demand<-neg det
write<-dep dobj
flag<-cop nsubj cc det amod compound conj mark
set<-advcl nmod dobj
portfolio<-case dep nmod:poss
index<-case amod det compound
sport<-case compound
start<-xcomp nsubj cc advmod aux conj
take<-nsubj cc dobj aux conj mark
ride<-advmod nmod mark
James<-case compound
377/8<-dep compound
borrowing<-det nmod amod
branch<-case nummod nmod:poss
woo<-nmod mark
some<-dep nmod
execute<-aux nmod dobj
strategist<-det nmod compound
conference<-advmod compound
promise<-xcomp advmod nsubj
trafficking<-case compound
broker<-case acl:relcl det
here<-advmod nmod
investment<-cc conj amod
decline<-case nmod:poss amod
revenue<-cc conj amod
test<-case det amod
get<-advcl aux dobj nmod nsubj
investment<-compound
begin<-advmod compound:prt nmod dobj
foundation<-case cc conj det
cover<-ccomp mark
park<-case acl:relcl det compound
red<-cc conj
president<-cop compound det nmod amod
46,995<-case
campaign<-acl:relcl det
suit<-nmod amod
facility<-compound det amod
badly<-advmod
filing<-det compound
contract<-case det nmod
fend<-compound:prt dobj nmod mark
important<-dep advmod det
coaster<-case cc det nmod compound conj
rival<-case nmod
help<-case compound det amod
tangle<-dobj nmod nsubj
halt<-det
1984<-case dep nummod
trading<-case dep nmod compound
carcinogenic<-aux cop
unanswerable<-cop nmod
investor<-cop det
1,027<-case dep
close<-dep det
prospect<-cop ccomp det amod
Maybelline<-det amod
room<-nmod:poss compound
now<-ccomp nsubj
contract<-nmod:poss amod
kill<-dep aux compound:prt dobj nsubj
chart<-nmod
Merck<-case
unit<-nummod
Teddy<-case
rider<-det compound
plan<-dep compound nmod nsubj
singer<-case det nmod amod
project<-dep amod
Roosevelt<-compound
sale<-case compound nmod amod
insist<-ccomp mark
inch<-auxpass nmod compound:prt
fester<-nmod:tmod mark
trim<-nmod dobj
revolution<-det amod
accord<-case
bidding<-amod
something<-nmod
tend<-xcomp nsubj advcl
conceive<-advmod
flush<-cc conj nmod
Wachter<-compound
job<-cc conj
have<-dep nsubj nmod dobj
Iceland<-case
threat<-compound
minister<-cc conj det amod
Pampers<-det amod
Guard<-case det compound
imagine<-dobj nmod mark
age<-nummod amod
study<-aux dobj
item<-compound
book<-case det nmod
riff<-case det amod
disclose<-aux nmod:tmod nsubj
test<-det
evidence<-case det
down<-dep cop advmod nsubj
cost<-aux nsubj dobj nmod advcl
look<-advmod
begin<-aux dobj nsubj
lift<-cop
take<-dep advmod dobj nsubj
get<-ccomp dobj compound:prt mark
appeal<-case
maverick<-det nmod amod
Composite<-case acl:relcl det compound
employee<-dep det
Sloan<-compound
only<-ccomp nsubj
role<-det
robbery<-case compound
spook<-nmod compound
tax<-cc conj
Trump<-case compound
vehicle<-nummod
abroad.foreigners<-compound
success<-nmod
name<-dobj nmod nsubj
sleep<-dep nmod
fund<-case nmod:poss
valuation<-nmod amod
instrument<-nmod amod
appear<-xcomp aux conj cc nsubj
circumlocution<-det
discuss<-dep dobj
Tiger<-dep nsubj
office<-case nummod nmod:poss
open<-advmod ccomp nsubj
add<-ccomp
cell<-case det amod
proportion<-det nmod amod
grievance<-case
team<-case dep nummod det amod acl:relcl
shadow<-dobj mark
independence<-case
make<-advcl aux nsubj nmod mark
Lilly<-compound
swankier<-nmod
subject<-det nmod
exclude<-nsubj
meet<-cc conj
confuse<-advmod
piece<-nmod:poss nmod
summon<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass nmod
failure<-amod
store<-case acl:relcl det
plunge<-nsubj advmod nmod:tmod dobj aux mark
licensing<-cc conj dobj
prosperous<-advmod
mark<-dep nummod
motion<-case nmod:poss
race<-nmod
steel<-case cc conj
meet<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
make<-aux mark
investor<-case acl:relcl det amod
hearing<-dep det
cause<-case det amod
savings<-case nummod nmod:poss
call<-xcomp dobj mark
Mae<-amod det compound
Office<-case det nmod compound
unflaky<-cop mark
lose<-xcomp advmod nsubj
knee<-nmod nsubj
know<-aux nmod advcl
staff<-case
advance<-case appos advmod
rally<-nmod:poss
interested<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
initiative<-case compound det amod
defend<-advcl dobj mark
bear<-cop det nmod
close<-dobj compound:prt
front<-case
stake<-cc conj det nmod amod
draw<-xcomp aux nsubj
faction<-case compound
build<-dep auxpass
human<-cc conj
explain<-aux dobj nsubj
Major<-compound det amod
station<-nmod:poss compound
restaurant<-case det amod
plant<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
pollutant<-case
retire<-nmod nsubj
dairy<-case det amod
presumption<-case dep det
express<-dobj nsubj
negotiate<-dobj nmod nsubj
Nadeau<-compound
scheme<-det acl
conclude<-ccomp mark
population<-case compound
non-violent<-cop nsubj mark
early<-nmod:npmod nmod
Carat<-case
gain<-case det amod
Tilly<-case compound
carrier<-dep amod
odds<-det amod
remain<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
opposite<-advmod det
take<-dobj compound:prt nsubj
basket<-case det compound
stock<-case nmod:poss nmod
Yetnikoff<-compound
aid<-case
go<-compound:prt dobj mark
term<-nmod
financing<-case compound nmod amod
sweeten<-advcl nmod dobj
run<-advmod dobj
Corp.<-cc conj cc:preconj compound
hang<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
default<-case compound
ton<-cop advmod nmod amod nsubj
486.30<-case dep appos
crawl<-aux nmod nsubj
feel<-cc ccomp nsubj
fight<-ccomp mark
rate<-case acl:relcl det amod
loyalty<-advmod
shah<-case det nmod
work<-nsubj nmod mark
resistance<-case
1986<-case cc conj
active<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
measure<-compound
percentage<-nmod amod
rig<-amod
NFL<-det
policeman<-case det amod
America<-case advmod
be<-nsubj ccomp advmod advcl
truth<-det nmod
inquiry<-case compound
burden<-det amod
technology<-case det
broader<-advmod
rumor<-xcomp auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
season<-dep advmod det nmod amod
comfortable<-advmod nmod
view<-xcomp nsubj
important<-dep advmod nmod
say<-aux nmod neg nsubj
Scotland<-case compound
less<-dep cop nmod nsubj
expand<-advcl dobj mark
closer<-nmod:npmod cop nmod nsubj
cutoff<-det nmod
crucible<-det nmod
drive<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj
go<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
file<-cop nsubj nmod mark
drive<-case cop advmod ccomp
force<-case compound
net<-dep nmod:poss
lead<-dep nummod det nmod amod
Breeden<-dep compound
nobleman<-case amod
sand<-case det nmod
International<-case advmod compound
newsworthy<-advmod
4,800<-advmod
amble<-nmod
conduct<-advcl dobj mark
enjoy<-dobj nsubj
{<-ccomp mark
unlikely<-xcomp cop
convene<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj
Bank<-case cc conj compound
agreement<-case det compound
outspoken<-advmod
larger<-cop advmod nsubj
make<-xcomp nsubj advmod mark
relief<-nmod
unchanged<-advmod
Camp<-cop nsubj cc advmod mark compound conj
cancer<-det
gift<-case nmod amod
defendant<-det acl
cost<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
irresponsible<-cc aux conj cop nsubj
analysis<-appos
one<-case advmod
regard<-case
firm<-case dep det nmod
people<-case det compound
look<-advmod nmod
opponent<-nmod amod
insist<-advmod nmod nsubj
exist<-advmod nmod nsubj
concert<-case dep det
get<-dep mark dobj advmod nsubj
consequence<-det acl
customer<-case cc conj
adopt<-aux nsubj dobj mark
turn<-advmod mark
trucking<-cc conj
course<-nmod amod
collective<-case det
thumb<-case nmod
partnership<-compound
Shultz<-advmod compound
borrowing<-nmod:poss
President<-det nmod
note<-case amod det compound
turn<-aux nsubj compound:prt dobj mark
Bogota<-case
461/2<-dep nmod compound
margin<-case det
impassiveness<-case
vastly<-compound amod
formulum<-case det acl
exist<-advmod nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
molecule<-case det compound
blow<-cop det nmod amod
describe<-advmod nmod nsubj
come<-advcl nmod compound:prt
show<-nmod dobj
contrast<-case nmod
book<-cc dep conj
take<-compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
trading<-compound nmod amod
sale<-nummod
bit<-nmod
launch<-cc advcl conj dobj nsubj
lot<-nmod:poss compound
haunt<-dobj mark
walk<-advmod dobj nsubj
9.875<-case dep
bond<-acl:relcl det amod
go<-nsubj
Paso<-cc conj
same<-advmod det nmod
salmon<-case nmod
slowdown<-det
new<-amod
break<-cc conj dobj nsubj
lose<-aux nmod dobj
July<-case appos
share<-case compound det amod
make<-compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
drink<-nmod mark
bring<-xcomp dobj mark
recommend<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
security<-nummod nmod compound
net<-cc conj nmod
Japanese<-det nmod
Defense<-case
unwarranted<-cop
test<-aux cop nsubj nmod advcl
demonstrate<-aux ccomp nsubj
year<-nummod det amod
go<-nsubj advmod nmod compound:prt aux mark
unopposable<-cop nsubj
Shannon<-case
Rouge<-cc conj det compound
can<-neg advmod nsubj
adult<-case nummod amod det compound
know<-aux nmod mark
Mac<-case compound
editor<-det
estimate<-det compound
North<-nmod compound
Vandenberg<-case appos compound
gentle<-cop
visible<-advmod advcl
mood<-case det nmod amod
picture<-det nmod amod
operate<-ccomp nmod nsubj
higher<-cop advmod nsubj
100,000<-case dep compound
anteater<-case amod
ignore<-parataxis nsubj cc nmod dobj conj mark
indoctrinate<-nmod
plan<-acl nmod:poss amod
Davis<-compound
Pound<-dep compound
define<-nmod dobj
counseling<-cc conj amod
slump<-det
drag<-auxpass ccomp nmod compound:prt
cover<-nsubj dobj mark
Allied-Lyons<-dep
illusion<-det nmod amod
bar<-cop advcl nmod nsubj
cease-fire<-case det
walk<-compound:prt dobj nmod mark
up<-cc conj cc:preconj
surge<-case nummod compound amod
price<-dep det compound
seek<-neg dobj
execute<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass
voting<-nmod amod
tumor<-det amod
head<-dobj compound:prt nmod:tmod mark
Arrington<-appos compound
(<-nsubj advcl dobj nmod mark
programming<-case amod
train<-cop nmod
backfire<-nmod nsubj
total<-case det
hanging<-cop det nmod
be<-xcomp cc conj advmod nsubj
take<-dep cc conj dobj nsubj
first<-cop det nmod
brain<-cc conj
20<-nmod:npmod
yesterday<-dep
research<-case det nmod
2.80<-dep
supervisor<-det compound
go<-xcomp advmod nmod nsubj
report<-case nmod:poss amod
sacrifice<-dobj nmod mark
code-related<-cop mark
hear<-nsubj dobj mark
mean<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
involve<-auxpass advcl
sell<-dep
Japan<-amod
tailspin<-case cop dep det
throw<-ccomp compound:prt dobj mark
allusion<-det nmod amod
down-to-earth<-advmod
peddle<-advmod dobj nmod mark
split<-case compound det amod
credibility<-case amod
recipient<-compound det nmod amod
Sutton<-appos compound
result<-case cc advmod det nmod conj
Brezinski<-compound
structure<-case compound amod
purchase<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
grow<-xcomp aux nsubj
Zurich<-case
lease<-dobj
point<-cc nummod advmod conj
issue<-case compound det amod
quite<-nmod
maker<-det nmod amod
arrest<-dobj mark
satellite<-det compound
nullify<-dobj mark
add<-dep advmod dobj nsubj
Alto<-case compound
put<-aux nsubj compound:prt nmod dobj
operate<-dobj nsubj
production<-case nmod
concept<-case nmod amod
Conn<-compound
complaint<-case acl:relcl det
refocus<-nsubj nmod mark
lead<-nsubj nmod mark
squeeze<-dobj nsubj
end<-nmod mark
charge<-xcomp advmod nsubj
order<-case acl:relcl amod
engineer<-auxpass compound:prt dobj advmod mark
suit<-nmod:poss
apply<-dep dobj mark
Shaffer<-compound
they<-amod
brick<-case
push<-xcomp mark
oppose<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
govern<-dobj nsubj
famous<-nsubj
stomach<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
happen<-aux nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
lot<-det det:predet
trading<-nmod:poss
appoint<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
sell<-case compound
net<-nmod:poss
Marlowe<-compound amod
pill<-case compound
listen<-nsubj nmod ccomp
441/2<-dep nmod compound
Skinner<-case compound
four-megabit<-compound
collect<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
341.76<-case
make<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
suit<-case cc conj amod
rely<-xcomp nsubj neg nmod mark aux
employee<-acl
remark<-det
confirm<-dobj nmod nsubj
editor<-nmod amod
extend<-nmod nsubj
recovery<-det compound
Blaine<-compound
opportunity<-nmod amod
counter-argument<-dep det
sell-off<-nmod:poss
diaper<-case cc conj amod
Vass<-case cc conj det amod
change<-nsubj mark
market<-nmod mark
begin<-nsubj nmod mark
tick<-det compound
Nuys<-case compound
future<-case det nmod
delay<-det amod
disappointment<-case compound
recommendation<-case nmod:poss
get<-dobj nmod advmod mark
Englishman<-det amod
director<-cc nummod conj amod
network<-det nmod
yesterday<-dep appos nmod
idle<-ccomp
subject<-advmod nmod
broaden<-dobj
chew<-nmod nsubj
coalition<-case acl:relcl det det:predet
ethic<-cop
month<-case cop nummod nmod nsubj
rise<-advcl advmod nsubj
stop<-aux advmod neg nsubj
next<-cop nsubj
scandal<-amod nmod compound
River<-compound nmod:poss amod
order<-det nmod amod
14<-advmod
grow<-dep nsubj advmod advcl
acknowledge<-advmod ccomp nsubj
pretense<-advmod det
puzzle<-aux nmod nsubj
reach<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
bet<-advmod
get<-xcomp nsubj cc nmod mark aux conj
woe<-case compound nmod:poss amod
demand<-ccomp mark
jury<-acl:relcl det amod
strafe<-dobj nmod mark
include<-aux nmod
end<-case nmod:poss
start<-case dep det nmod
rating<-compound
250,000<-case dep
nerve<-case amod
summarize<-advmod dobj mark
be<-neg nsubj advmod mark
amass<-dobj nmod mark
v.Wade<-xcomp nsubj
guarantee<-compound
protest<-det
camera<-case det nmod
portray<-dobj nmod mark
people<-cc dep conj advmod det
topic<-det amod
material<-case nmod amod
work<-advmod
dilute<-nsubj advmod nmod:tmod dobj aux mark
mine<-det
drop<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
focus<-case compound nmod amod
adopt<-advmod nmod
erosion<-advmod det nmod amod
ogle<-auxpass nmod dobj
how<-dep
fan<-case compound
contract<-nummod
trafficker<-case compound
surround<-advmod dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
solve<-parataxis nsubj cc neg nmod aux conj
market<-acl:relcl det amod
rise<-dep nmod:poss amod
broadcast<-dep nsubj dobj mark
knock<-auxpass compound:prt nsubjpass mark
aggressive<-cc cop conj
expose<-auxpass advmod nmod
invest<-aux nsubj nmod neg mark
cut<-cc conj dobj nmod mark
lobbyist<-advmod det amod
beat<-advmod compound:prt nmod nsubj
ton<-cop det nmod
people<-dep det amod
soot<-cc conj advmod amod
Panelli<-compound
bring<-dep dobj compound:prt
count<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass nmod
act<-case amod
all<-case cop parataxis ccomp
start<-advmod mark
close<-cc conj dobj
cause<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
stay<-advcl nmod nsubj
make<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
pour<-case neg nmod dobj
reflect<-xcomp dobj nsubj
election<-dep nmod:poss nmod
material<-det amod
notify<-dobj nsubj
cater<-aux advmod nmod
Foundation<-case det compound
notoriety<-case compound
version<-appos
demonstration<-case det
recognize<-ccomp nsubj
operate<-nmod mark
forecast<-det
wealth<-case cc conj
four<-nmod:npmod
time<-case det nmod:tmod
quarter<-case advmod det amod
badly<-nmod
1.80<-case advmod
prepayment<-appos
assemblage<-acl:relcl amod
quotation<-amod
day<-dep acl:relcl det compound
host<-cc conj advmod det amod
continue<-dobj nsubj
stimulator<-case compound
stock<-case compound det amod
market<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
inability<-nmod:poss acl
Traverso<-appos compound
fan<-compound amod nsubj
knock<-nsubj dep advmod compound:prt aux dobj
contemplated<-advmod
fall<-nsubj dobj advcl
taste<-det nmod
depart<-nmod
deduction<-det nmod
Association<-cc conj det compound
desert<-case det acl
mention<-auxpass nmod ccomp
link<-cop det nmod amod
operation<-nummod amod compound
insurer<-nmod
diligence<-det nmod amod
drop<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj
View<-compound
dinner<-case
file<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
security<-case nmod compound
Tony<-case
war<-cop compound advmod appos neg
agenda<-amod
thrift<-det compound
function<-case nummod
polyethylene<-case
injury<-cop advmod nmod neg
fund<-dobj mark
condemn<-dobj nsubj
anticipate<-dobj nmod nsubj
hazard<-case det nmod compound
tank<-acl:relcl amod
compare<-dep nmod
)<-xcomp nsubj mark
asset<-dep ccomp
correction<-case det amod
1967-68<-case
market<-nummod compound det amod
arrangement<-advmod det
think<-xcomp
treasury<-case nmod:poss
winery<-dep nsubj
compute<-nsubj dep neg advmod dobj aux
trees.economists<-case cc conj amod
nuance<-amod
lawsuit<-case compound
poll<-case amod
spend<-dobj nsubj
economy<-det compound
cap<-det compound
rise<-dep amod det compound
narrow<-advmod
paragraph<-amod
475/8<-dep compound
cost<-xcomp nsubj advcl mark
work<-advcl mark
2.15<-case dep
interest<-det acl
injure<-auxpass advcl
lure<-dobj compound:prt
mean<-dobj nmod nsubj
question<-ccomp
remain<-cc conj ccomp nmod nsubj
Koreans<-case nummod compound
be<-dep advmod expl
Bumiputra<-case compound
porcelain<-cc conj compound
colony<-case det
ruin<-auxpass dobj nsubjpass mark
affiliate<-det nmod
production<-case det nmod
sign<-aux dobj nsubj
damage<-nmod
than<-nmod
balance<-nmod:poss nmod
grab<-case
style<-case det nmod
permission<-dep
return<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
indicate<-ccomp mark
Brawer<-compound
engage<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
Union<-case advmod det acl:relcl compound
manage<-ccomp mark
measure<-ccomp
perpetuate<-dobj nsubj
production<-dep compound
end<-case det amod
organization<-det nmod
HealthVest<-case
stock<-case cc conj amod
execute<-aux mark
Sandinistas<-nmod:poss
product<-case nummod
consultant<-case compound det amod
evening<-case dep det nmod
increase<-acl det amod
range<-det nmod amod
trouble<-nmod:poss
receive<-cc conj dobj nsubj
market<-appos compound det amod
familiar<-nmod nsubj
lordship<-case
goods<-acl:relcl amod
base<-cop compound det nmod amod
newsworthiness<-case
revenue<-case nmod:poss amod
economist<-det nmod
delay<-aux cop nmod nsubj
trading<-case cc conj compound
word<-dep cop det
photo<-det nmod
building<-case nummod nmod:poss nmod
justification<-det nmod
magazine<-case cc conj amod
never<-advmod
practicing<-nmod:poss
minister<-case det amod
sell<-cop nummod nmod nsubj
play<-dobj advmod nsubj
dial<-cc aux conj compound:prt nsubj
language<-det amod
Augustines<-dep cc conj compound nsubj
log<-dobj nmod mark
introduce<-aux mark
Jones<-cc conj det nmod compound
ask<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
arsenal<-amod
cure<-mark
offer<-det nmod
controversial<-cc cop conj advmod nmod
treatment<-case cc conj amod
ensure<-dobj nmod mark
account<-det nmod amod
Hyman<-appos compound
research<-advcl dobj mark
busy<-cop advmod
estimate<-compound
extract<-dobj nmod mark
report<-det nmod amod
old<-cc aux conj cop nsubj
halt<-dobj mark
present<-nmod
sector<-det compound
plant<-case nummod
budget<-acl:relcl
gallon<-det
passionately<-advmod
make<-cc conj dobj
buy<-dep dobj advmod mark
hold<-parataxis advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
par<-case nmod
thrift<-case det compound
347.13<-dep cc nummod conj
supply<-dobj nmod nsubj
face<-advcl nsubj dobj mark
firm<-case dep compound amod
concoct<-auxpass nmod ccomp
invest<-mark
bicycle<-case nummod det
lipoprotein<-case appos compound
quality<-nmod:poss amod
benefit<-compound amod
join<-nsubj advmod ccomp
familiar<-advmod
Video<-compound
feet.another<-case nummod
lower<-nmod:npmod cop advcl
%<-case cc nummod nmod amod conj
Infiniti<-acl:relcl
York<-dep compound
episode<-det
ketchup<-advmod nmod:poss
paper<-case det compound
)<-case cc conj compound
c<-case nummod
embarrassment<-cop nsubj cc det nmod aux conj
throw<-aux nsubj nmod advmod advcl
heat<-cc conj nmod:poss
kind<-cop acl:relcl det nmod
audit<-det nmod amod
feel<-advmod dobj
spurt<-advmod nsubj
input<-case nmod amod
subsidiary<-acl:relcl det compound
stock<-case dep nmod
maturity<-case det
range<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
occur<-advmod nmod nsubj
climb<-case cop cc nmod compound conj
statement<-det nmod compound
country<-cc conj
regulator<-acl:relcl det compound
expiration<-case dep det nmod
uterus<-case det
insert<-auxpass nmod advcl
home<-case cc conj det nmod
means<-case det
ensure<-nsubj cc dobj advcl aux conj
proceedings<-compound
lay<-nsubj neg compound:prt mark aux dobj
expense<-det
32<-case dep
name<-cop nmod
people<-dep nummod nmod
car<-cc conj det amod
favor<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
later<-nmod:npmod advcl
insist<-compound:prt ccomp nsubj
chair<-compound
blame<-det det:predet
agreement<-cc conj advmod
Taiwan<-case
concentrate<-aux compound:prt nmod nsubj
prevalent<-cop advmod ccomp
auto<-case
subsidiary<-nmod:poss compound
price<-det acl
love<-dep nsubj nmod dobj
cast<-nmod:poss nmod
rate<-nmod:poss nmod compound
drop<-case det
approach<-dep det amod
S&L<-compound
rating<-det amod
speech<-dep amod
Line<-case compound
building<-case det amod
double<-cc conj
consequence<-case det nmod amod
specialist<-dep det
stable<-advmod
prevail<-aux nsubj advmod mark
participation<-case nmod:poss
more<-dep nmod
better<-advcl
stock<-case compound nmod:poss amod
kind<-cop nsubj det nmod mark
subject<-cop det nmod advcl
examination<-nmod amod
unwelcome<-cop nmod
twist<-dobj nsubj
nod<-det
Vinson<-appos compound
converter<-case amod compound
hope<-det nmod
capture<-dobj mark
tumor<-case nummod compound
compose<-advmod mark
32<-dep compound
item<-case det
hide<-cc conj nmod mark
expose<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
mud-logger<-det nmod
girl<-advmod acl:relcl
treatment<-nmod amod
headquarters<-nmod:poss nmod
make<-dep aux dobj nsubj
keep<-xcomp dep mark
far<-cop advcl nsubj
know<-nsubj cc neg ccomp aux conj
hear<-advmod nmod
stake<-advmod det compound
version<-case det nmod compound
vote<-case det
sign<-nmod compound:prt
anther<-case det nmod amod
turnaround<-case det
seven<-case dep compound
immediately<-nmod:npmod
pile<-dobj nmod nsubj
generation<-det nmod amod
habitat<-det nmod
cut<-cc conj dobj
silly<-advmod
board<-case amod
cup<-det
measure<-case det amod
773.94<-dep nmod
crowd<-case nmod
hope<-nmod
period<-det compound
crest<-aux nsubj nmod mark
leverage<-nmod:poss amod
reach<-aux dobj nsubj
peace<-cc cop conj amod neg
try<-xcomp nsubj dep cc aux conj
facility<-nmod:poss amod
cover<-dep mark
quit<-mark
think<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
mind<-nsubj cc neg dobj aux conj
good<-advmod det
company<-case cc conj amod
mission<-appos nmod:poss amod
study<-nmod
adviser<-case amod
patent<-cc conj cc:preconj
healthy<-case det
folk<-case dep det
policy<-case det amod
soybean<-nmod
rise<-nsubj nmod:tmod nmod advcl
player<-cc conj
pilot<-amod
see<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
listen<-cc conj nmod mark
ill-advised<-dep cc conj
company<-nmod:poss nmod compound
point<-compound det amod
give<-ccomp compound:prt dobj mark
act<-nmod:poss
professional<-cc conj
Olympics<-case cc conj
crude<-case
alive<-cc cop conj
70,765<-case dep nmod
enter<-dobj nsubj
whack<-dep
wait<-aux nmod neg nsubj
Ortiz<-compound
let<-nsubj advmod ccomp
insure<-auxpass
time<-dep cop advmod det amod
unit<-dep nmod:poss compound
presidency<-det nmod
individual<-case det
group<-cc conj compound
tail<-xcomp auxpass
prosecutor<-case compound
West<-acl:relcl nmod compound
27.875<-case dep
contain<-dobj nmod nsubj
rate<-cc conj compound amod
fact<-cop det nmod nsubj
energy<-dep amod det compound
have<-expl ccomp mark
introduce<-xcomp aux nsubj
Popular<-compound
861/2<-dep compound
injunction<-acl det amod
explain<-ccomp nsubj
drive<-ccomp
borrow<-nmod nsubj
colleague<-dep advmod amod
clause<-dep
row<-advmod nmod
publication<-nmod
350,000<-dep nmod nsubj
compliance<-amod
entree<-nmod nsubj
staging<-advcl dobj mark
goal<-cc conj amod
transaction<-nmod amod
official<-nummod amod
I<-compound det amod
yield<-aux advcl nmod dobj
lead<-nmod compound
Paperboard<-advmod compound
merchant<-det amod
half<-dep
worst<-case det nmod
lineup<-det compound
dare<-xcomp advmod nsubj
inflation<-cc conj amod
expand<-dobj
relation<-case
Astor<-compound
student<-nummod
loss<-case compound det amod
burst<-det
scoff<-cc conj nmod compound
economics<-case det
experience<-compound
Board<-acl:relcl compound
Sydney<-case cc conj
past<-nmod:poss
Pravda<-case
provision<-nmod amod
mixed<-dep advmod
liability<-compound
12<-dep
insure<-det
project<-case
insurance<-cop acl:relcl
find<-nsubj
period<-nmod:poss
2,000<-advmod nmod
likely<-xcomp advmod
financing<-compound amod
Patel<-dep compound
common<-cop advmod nmod
involve<-advmod nmod nsubj
higher<-dep cop nmod
share<-nmod amod
approach<-case det compound
sense<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
understandable<-nsubj
leverage<-det
make<-aux dobj neg nmod nsubj
brand<-dep
staff<-case nmod:poss
mature<-nmod:tmod
risk<-cc dep det
fret<-ccomp nsubj compound:prt advcl
gallon<-nummod appos compound
continue<-dep dobj mark
sell<-aux nsubj dobj mark
display<-parataxis cop nmod nsubj
competence<-cc cop conj det ccomp
want<-aux dobj nmod neg nsubj
War<-amod
ship<-case
have<-nsubj ccomp nmod:tmod mark
flee<-nmod
injure<-nummod
stance<-nmod:poss amod
elitist<-acl:relcl amod
grip<-det nmod
use<-dep compound
reach<-advcl dobj mark
confide<-case det compound
holding<-case nmod:poss compound
Tisch<-case compound
contract<-nmod compound
1.29<-dep
spending<-advmod nmod
wave<-case det nmod
double<-dep advmod
manager<-case cc conj
dub<-advmod
outlook<-det nmod amod
41/2<-advmod
know<-advmod nmod nsubj
find<-neg dobj nsubj
give<-nsubj dobj advcl
pluck<-dobj mark
30<-dep compound
fear<-nmod:poss
1.47<-dep
thrift<-case
move<-aux nmod nsubj
headline<-case cc conj det
pertinent<-advmod
yard<-case det amod
cost<-cop amod
courthouse<-case det
deny<-dobj ccomp mark
studio<-case det compound
rule<-compound det amod
gain<-cc conj dobj compound:prt mark
money<-det acl
cartel<-case det nmod
official<-det nmod amod
sleazy<-advmod
course<-case det nmod
create<-cc conj dobj nmod mark
attitude<-nmod:poss
neck<-case nmod:poss
firm<-case nmod
work<-cc cop conj nmod nsubj
contribute<-nmod:tmod nmod
style<-compound det amod
approve<-nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
p.m.<-case dep nummod
steal<-cc conj dobj
Office<-det nmod
policy<-case amod compound
assault<-det nmod
stock<-det nmod amod
block<-case cop cc det dobj dep conj
country<-case nmod
issue<-compound advmod amod
lawyer<-case amod
comptroller<-case det compound
canadian<-case dep conj cc
selection<-case det nmod
failure<-nmod
equivalent<-cop nmod nsubj
trader<-acl:relcl compound
landfall<-cop nsubj det nmod amod advcl
quantity<-nmod amod
reason<-case compound
Portugal<-case
purse<-case cc conj det
value<-dep dobj nsubj
claim<-nsubj advmod ccomp
get<-dep
Act<-appos det compound
cause<-advmod nmod nsubj
feed<-dobj
producer<-nmod
raise<-ccomp
crush<-dep compound amod
friend<-appos nmod:poss
cent<-case dep nummod nmod
secure<-case
Bank<-dep compound
colleague<-nsubj
contract<-case acl det amod
see<-aux advcl dobj
day<-nummod amod
roll<-case compound
Unificationism<-compound
have<-nsubj dobj ccomp
criticism<-case det
find<-xcomp aux dep ccomp dobj
unit<-compound det nmod amod
crash<-case det compound
suburb<-case det
careful<-cop mark
range<-case det
rep<-det amod
marginalize<-case
encourage<-xcomp dobj mark
California<-case cop nmod
preference<-case cc conj amod
state<-cc conj amod
land<-acl:relcl det
squabbling<-det nmod
stronger<-cc conj
lung<-compound
closing<-case
franc<-nmod
month<-cop det nmod amod
older<-nmod
death<-cc conj nmod:poss nmod compound
campaign<-advmod det nmod amod
201/2<-dep nmod compound
end<-advcl dobj
solicit<-dobj
fearful<-cc cop conj
material<-nmod
damage<-case nmod
emerge<-aux nmod neg nsubj
ruble<-cc conj compound
government<-acl:relcl
claim<-nmod:poss nmod
irresponsible<-cc cop conj
City<-case appos compound
investor<-dep acl:relcl
energy<-acl:relcl det
office<-dep nmod:poss
dismayed<-nmod
go<-nsubj mark
pool<-case compound
Federal<-nmod
performance<-det amod
owner<-det nmod amod
interest<-acl:relcl det
face<-aux dobj mark
21/2<-case det
adjuster<-det compound
opponent<-amod advmod compound
accord<-acl:relcl nmod
ingredient<-dep cop det nmod amod
1948<-case cc conj
respondent<-case det
frame<-case advmod det nmod amod compound
find<-xcomp dobj
go<-dep nsubj mark
claim<-neg det nmod
rhythmic<-advmod
unit<-case det nmod
offend<-nsubj cc neg dobj aux conj
spreadsheet<-case cop conj cc:preconj cc
dozen<-cc conj
couple<-case nummod det
culture<-nmod nsubj
say<-advcl nsubj
take<-dobj compound:prt nmod nsubj
program<-nmod:poss amod
programmer<-compound
hold<-nsubj dobj mark
force<-case det compound
plant<-case nmod:poss nmod compound
technology<-case det amod
grounds<-case det
Rich<-case compound
gun<-auxpass nmod compound:prt
do<-dobj compound:prt mark
newspaper<-nmod:poss amod
official<-compound det nmod amod
quite<-nmod:npmod nmod
programming<-case compound
service<-dep nsubj
}<-nmod:poss
activist<-case
mining<-det nmod
differ<-nmod nsubj
safe<-case nmod
revise<-advcl nsubj dobj mark
liquidity<-amod
spacecraft<-appos acl:relcl det amod
most<-cc acl:relcl
trail<-ccomp
Blair<-compound
class<-det nmod amod
stock<-case acl:relcl
pay<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
trade<-dobj compound:prt
assign<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
VAX<-det amod
drop<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
agree<-xcomp
flash<-dobj nmod nsubj
he<-case nmod:poss
breaking<-compound
balance<-dobj nsubj
sit<-advcl advmod nsubj
feature<-dep dobj nsubj
pay<-aux nmod neg nsubj
claim<-case nmod
announcement<-nmod:poss nmod
Inc<-case nmod:poss compound
insure<-case compound amod
Virginia<-appos compound
intuition<-case det nmod amod
12,915,000<-dep cop advmod nmod
Oct.<-dep
resource<-case
own<-xcomp nsubj mark
increase<-advmod det nmod amod
Hakko<-dep compound
transformation<-det
rumor<-det
wages<-cc conj nmod
pull<-det compound
screen<-case advmod nmod:poss nmod
Athens<-nmod
find<-advcl advmod dobj mark
attract<-advcl dobj mark
}<-dobj
continue<-nsubj nmod mark
put<-advmod nmod
go<-xcomp aux nsubj advcl
scriptwriter<-amod
Oppenheimer<-case appos compound
Glass<-dep compound
Republicans<-amod
hair<-dep
subcommittee<-amod compound
trading<-case compound det nmod amod
canal<-amod
lie<-advmod nmod nsubj
electronic<-cc conj
seller<-cop compound neg nsubj
help<-cc conj dobj nsubj
ISI<-case appos nmod:poss
spokeswoman<-det nmod compound
rally<-dep det
name<-dobj nmod mark
regulation<-acl:relcl
photo<-dep nummod compound
economy<-nmod:poss compound
Realty<-cc conj compound
attempt<-case cc conj det compound
advise<-dobj mark
harm<-neg nmod
president<-case nmod:poss
end<-dep amod
issue<-parataxis dobj nsubj
raise<-xcomp mark
afraid<-cop nsubj nmod:npmod ccomp dep dobj
Thompson<-case acl:relcl
worker<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss
load<-case compound amod
strike<-dobj nmod nsubj
correlation<-det nmod amod
authority<-case compound
life<-cc case conj dep
stake<-nmod nsubj
develop<-advmod dobj
Stoltzman<-case compound
brigade<-compound det nmod amod
donation<-case nmod
support<-aux dobj ccomp nmod nsubj
cast<-cc advmod dobj nmod nsubj
mingle<-advmod nmod csubj mark
trim<-cop nsubj
country<-nummod nmod amod
teacher<-case amod
amplifier<-case cc conj
trip<-case det
Iverson<-case
semifinish<-ccomp
undertake<-dobj
vanish<-aux nmod nsubj
look<-aux advcl neg nsubj
surprised<-auxpass ccomp
program<-det nmod
organization<-case acl:relcl det
train<-det
let<-xcomp
fret<-aux compound:prt dobj nsubj
agency<-case dep det
tank<-cc nummod conj amod
get<-aux ccomp dobj
imperative<-case det nmod amod
fishing<-case compound amod
car<-dep compound det amod
typical<-cop nmod nsubj
need<-case det acl
consumption<-amod
series<-cop det nmod amod
disaster<-case nmod
deprive<-advcl dobj
kill<-nsubj cc nmod dobj advcl aux conj
invest<-aux nmod nsubj
station<-case nmod:poss
admit<-cc conj dobj mark
spring<-case det nmod
commissioner<-compound det amod
order<-cc conj det
demonstrator<-nummod
start<-case dep det nmod amod
premium<-compound
infant<-case det amod
producer<-case nummod acl amod
quarter<-case appos det amod
use<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
door<-case det nmod
ease<-advmod nmod
index<-nmod:poss nmod compound
lot<-case cc conj det nmod
lead<-aux nsubj nmod ccomp
send<-dep advmod nmod nsubj
case<-case dep det amod
rise<-case compound nmod amod
hundred<-neg det nmod
late<-dep cop nsubj
Noriega<-dep nmod compound
be<-aux ccomp
price<-case cc conj nmod amod
mean<-aux advmod ccomp neg nsubj
receive<-dep nmod dobj
Kawasaki-Rikuso<-appos
variety<-det nmod amod
reset<-aux nmod
argument<-det nmod amod
Hanover<-case cc conj compound
protest<-det amod
shortstop<-case dep appos advmod
top<-compound
Gortari<-compound
worse<-appos
call<-xcomp dobj nsubj
higher<-nmod:npmod cop ccomp
activity<-case compound det acl amod
fly<-cc conj nmod nsubj
datum<-case acl:relcl det
cathode<-case
show<-xcomp nsubj
retailer<-cc conj det
help<-cc xcomp dep
take<-xcomp mark
calculation<-nmod:poss compound
get<-nsubj cc nmod dobj advcl conj
cuisine<-case det nmod amod
possess<-nmod nsubj
see<-xcomp nsubj mark
green.he<-compound
permit<-xcomp aux nsubj
restrain<-advcl dobj ccomp mark
machinery<-neg nmod
people<-case det nmod
Chubb<-cc conj
Series<-appos det compound
Bataan<-case
stick<-dep aux nmod dobj
southern<-cc conj
election<-case dep amod
case<-case nummod
help<-aux ccomp neg nsubj
many<-det nmod
car<-compound
Darwin<-case
elan<-case det nmod
touch<-det amod
catastrophe<-case dep det
officer<-case appos det amod
1.66<-dep
heater<-appos det amod
have<-nsubj cc neg ccomp aux conj
Teijin<-dep cc
kernel<-det nmod
plunge<-compound amod
gemsbok<-appos
service<-nmod compound
bloc<-case det compound
campus<-cop advmod amod nsubj
step<-parataxis cop nummod nmod nsubj
Treaty<-case det compound
well<-dep case
flooding<-compound
file<-dobj
spirit<-det amod
result<-xcomp nsubj
Turkey<-amod
Boies<-appos compound
backer<-amod
noble<-cc conj
demonstration<-case
clear<-cop advmod ccomp nsubj
president<-cop compound advmod nmod nsubj
power<-case acl:relcl det amod
answer<-case det
drop<-dobj mark
day<-case acl:relcl det
earn<-xcomp nsubj
good<-aux cop advmod nmod nsubj
similar<-aux cop nmod nsubj
require<-xcomp auxpass
contend<-nsubj
shipment<-dep
free<-cc conj
carry<-nmod nsubj
observer<-case compound
jack<-advmod dobj compound:prt
describe<-xcomp nsubj
employee<-case cc conj
44<-dep nmod compound
measure<-appos compound det amod
burglarize<-dep cop nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
oppose<-aux dobj neg nsubj
likely<-dep
center<-case nmod:poss nmod compound
power<-cc
Star<-case compound
court<-case dep
location<-det acl
P&G<-amod
platform<-case det nmod
house<-case det nmod
wife<-case amod
risk<-case neg det amod
order<-dobj
about<-xcomp aux nsubj
apply<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
revenue<-acl:relcl
describe<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
indict<-xcomp nmod
rise<-advmod mark
95<-dep nmod
fee<-dep det compound
requirement<-amod
pick<-advcl advmod dobj compound:prt
lot<-dep appos det nmod amod
person<-case det nmod amod
order<-case cop det nmod nsubj
enact<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
momentum<-nmod:poss
Committee<-case acl:relcl det compound
ideology<-cc conj
at<-nmod
Pentagon<-dep det nmod
Army<-case det
do<-nsubj cc nmod mark aux conj
work<-dobj
spend<-dep advmod
responsible<-advmod nmod
merit<-case det nmod amod
preparation<-det nmod
allege<-ccomp
duct<-case det compound
kill<-aux nsubj dobj mark
copy<-case nummod nmod
integration<-amod
take<-xcomp dep mark
status<-nmod:poss amod
annuity<-cc cop conj amod
nation<-amod
trigger<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
coupon<-nummod det nmod compound
Japanese<-acl:relcl det
fit<-dobj nsubj
apply<-cc aux conj nsubj
freeway<-case det amod
scenario<-case det
response<-nmod
but<-nmod:npmod
Illinois<-case
tumble<-case det compound
10<-case advmod
defective<-cc conj advmod
artist<-case det
124,875<-case dep
yesterday<-cc conj
rack<-nmod compound
technology<-case acl:relcl det
report<-dobj nmod:tmod advmod nsubj
designate<-compound nmod amod
plant<-compound det amod
Indonesia<-case
make<-nsubj nmod mark
propose<-dep advmod nsubj
price<-dep aux nmod cop
hear<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
slow<-aux advmod nsubj
volume<-dep compound
take<-aux nsubj nmod advmod mark
stomp<-case
maintain<-dobj
colleague<-case det
private<-case
1027/32<-case
seizure<-case det nmod
redesign<-cc conj
instrument<-case det amod
come<-dep advmod dobj
receive<-neg dobj
MCI<-compound
blame<-aux nsubj dobj advcl mark
merchandise<-case
damage<-acl:relcl amod
jack<-aux discourse advcl neg
restaurant<-dep det
entrench<-auxpass nmod
fall<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
show<-dep advcl nmod:tmod dobj
ride<-dobj
deal<-cop det nmod amod
officer<-acl amod
send<-nsubj cc dobj advcl aux conj
capitalist<-compound amod
1<-dep
investment<-cop amod det nsubj
trend<-cc conj
nosedive<-nmod:poss amod
worry<-ccomp mark
pull<-advmod dobj
unveil<-aux dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
terminal<-cc det nmod amod compound conj
damp<-dobj mark
spread<-det nmod compound
arrears<-case nmod
backlog<-nmod
business<-nmod:poss
clear<-xcomp advmod nmod
Richfield<-compound
formulum<-det amod
Sohmer<-case compound
worker<-appos amod
tend<-xcomp nmod nsubj
stand<-nsubj nmod ccomp
not<-dep cop advmod
Vikings<-case det compound
play<-advmod nmod mark
expel<-aux dobj nsubj
improve<-cc conj ccomp mark
upset<-advmod
reform<-det
producer<-case amod
cloud<-dobj mark
hear<-xcomp mark
report<-nmod:poss nmod amod
cross-pollinate<-xcomp aux cop nsubj
Bogart<-case compound
water<-nmod amod
travel<-cc conj
reorganize<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
City<-case cc conj compound
foyer<-det
pay<-aux dobj iobj nsubj
operation<-acl:relcl compound
language<-det
giant<-appos det compound
pay<-advmod dobj
receive<-aux nsubj dobj advcl
distinguish<-nmod mark
famous<-dep cop nsubj
definition<-case det nmod
die<-nsubj
hold<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
Thurmond<-case acl:relcl compound
Oklahoma<-det amod
order<-dep compound det amod
profit<-case compound nmod:poss amod
consider<-xcomp aux mark
mean<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
ammunition<-amod
price<-dobj nmod advmod mark
lot<-aux cop det nmod expl
assure<-parataxis cop nsubj dep advmod nmod cc
halt<-advmod dobj nsubj
plan<-appos det amod
Fantasy<-case dep
all<-dep nmod
drag<-nmod compound:prt
do<-mark nsubj
reasonable<-advmod
land<-case nmod amod
fee<-det nmod amod
inspire<-auxpass nmod mark
inadequate<-advmod
countenance<-aux nsubj ccomp neg advcl
recession<-compound
XL/Datacomp<-dep
vote<-advmod nmod mark
party<-nummod
culture<-det
relay<-dobj nmod nsubj
competitive<-advmod
commotion<-case
see<-dep cc conj dobj nsubj
scramble<-xcomp nsubj advmod mark
agency<-compound det acl:relcl amod
unit<-case nmod:poss amod
suggest<-advmod ccomp nsubj
look<-det nmod
family<-case nmod
have<-cc nsubj dobj advcl
have<-nsubj nmod:tmod nmod mark
pursue<-dobj
day<-cop ccomp det neg nsubj
use<-nmod compound
Pacific<-case cc conj compound
50<-dep nmod
work<-xcomp aux compound:prt nsubj
situation<-cop advmod det amod
blast<-case det nmod
cost<-aux nmod nsubj
support<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
count<-case nummod
America<-amod
conversation<-nmod nsubj
MGM<-nmod
close<-advmod dobj
battle<-det compound
sharply<-advmod nmod
it<-case advmod
tale<-nmod
bill<-case acl:relcl det
thief<-nmod:poss compound
justify<-xcomp mark
find<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
pass<-aux nsubj mark
affordable<-cop
paper<-cc conj
extra<-case nummod
firm<-dep compound det amod
ally<-nmod:poss
outside<-nmod compound
jump<-det nmod
sell<-dep nsubj dobj
dub<-dep cop advmod
estimate<-det amod
white<-cop nsubj
rebel<-cop det neg nsubj
severe<-parataxis cop nsubj neg advmod nmod mark
jet<-neg acl amod
radio<-cc conj amod
wholesaler<-compound advmod det amod
view<-nmod amod
break<-det amod
morally<-cc conj cc:preconj
emerge<-aux ccomp nsubj
post<-appos det compound
afford<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
fend<-dobj compound:prt
advocate<-dep cop nsubj nmod dobj
winner<-det
top-heavy<-advmod
Group<-appos compound
protection<-det nmod compound
guide<-cop nsubj det mark
recovery<-det amod
Construction<-case
Staley<-case appos compound
experience<-dep
idea<-cop acl det amod
oversee<-dobj
weigh<-advmod nmod nsubj
see<-nsubj neg nmod dobj aux mark
replace<-nmod dobj
Australians<-det amod
Monkey<-det
minimum<-det nmod
reimburse<-aux nsubj dobj advcl
good<-cop advmod ccomp
order<-case acl
this<-case dep
commuter<-case acl:relcl det amod
work<-case nmod compound
learn<-xcomp aux nsubj advcl
split<-auxpass advmod nmod
touch<-nsubj cc advmod nmod mark conj
intrusion<-case det nmod amod
name<-dobj nsubj
fill<-ccomp nsubj
frenzy<-acl:relcl det amod
prepare<-xcomp aux
Andreas<-det compound
score<-nmod
complex<-advcl advmod nsubj
action<-cc conj acl compound
tuition<-compound
know<-xcomp nsubj advmod mark
thing<-advmod det acl:relcl amod
offer<-advcl dobj nsubj
call<-nmod amod
flexibility<-amod
good<-cop nmod nsubj
itself<-acl:relcl
Wittgreen<-compound
transfer<-dep nmod
capitalization<-det nmod compound
proportion<-advmod det
cut<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
so<-cop advmod neg
do<-aux nsubj
lucky<-xcomp cop nsubj
regulate<-nmod nsubj
physician<-det
Stubblefield<-appos compound
customer<-dep amod
law<-case compound nmod amod
prelude<-case det
spend<-dep aux advcl nmod dobj
controller<-case advmod acl:relcl
plunge<-case det compound
spare<-advmod dobj nsubj
Brewery<-dep compound
work<-xcomp
fake<-case cc conj det
social<-cc conj
sky<-case det nmod
Casey<-case compound
life<-cc conj compound
lurch<-nsubj nmod mark
stirrup<-case nmod
develop<-nsubj dobj mark
acquit<-auxpass advmod nmod mark
signal<-advmod amod
sit<-nmod
think<-ccomp mark
investor<-case cc conj amod
lack<-nsubj dobj advmod advcl
efficient<-advmod nsubj
profile<-det amod
base<-dep cop nmod
chain<-cc conj amod
assistance<-amod
Ford<-acl:relcl
Gen-Probe<-case
investigation<-nmod
1960<-det
product<-nmod nsubj
climb<-dep nmod dobj
fore<-case det
White<-dep
complain<-advmod nmod nsubj
donation<-case compound
matter<-case dep det
image<-det amod
cite<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
average<-compound
go<-dep aux xcomp nsubj
property<-det nmod ccomp
551<-nmod compound
Atlantic<-det
cheaply<-advmod
age<-compound nmod:poss nmod amod
pour<-nmod dobj
preference<-case compound
computer<-nsubj
counsel<-amod
asset<-case cc conj det amod
license<-det
execution<-det nmod amod
area<-det compound
reason<-dep nummod
squeeze<-cop nmod
believe<-aux nsubj ccomp neg mark
loosen<-xcomp mark
default<-case compound nmod amod
subject<-cop det nmod amod
spend<-nmod nsubj
something<-case nmod
patient<-cc conj det
whiskey<-case
more<-ccomp nsubj
consideration<-amod
slate<-det amod
disclose<-advcl aux dobj neg nsubj
embryo<-case det
Johnson<-dep compound det amod
injection<-det nmod
dispute<-det amod
steelmaker<-nmod:poss
festoon<-dep compound det amod
price<-nummod nmod amod
claim<-nsubj
exceed<-aux nsubj dobj advmod mark
implant<-nmod
end<-xcomp nmod nsubj
deliver<-cc conj dobj mark
factor<-nummod
win<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
emphasis<-det amod
contribution<-case
cover<-advcl dobj mark
contract<-nmod
run<-det nmod
weekend<-case nummod det compound
bank<-case nmod compound
say<-aux nsubj ccomp mark
Steinkuehler<-compound
core<-case det nmod
move<-case nmod
assess<-xcomp nsubj
franchise<-cop amod nsubj
increase<-cop det nmod amod
appeal<-amod
prefer<-xcomp aux nsubj advcl
priori<-dep compound
show<-xcomp
aim<-dep aux advmod neg
agreement<-case nmod
issue<-nsubj dobj nmod advcl
tone<-det
pie<-compound
journalist<-dep cop amod det nsubj
basis<-det nmod amod
leery<-cop advmod nsubj
dispersant<-case
benefit<-aux nsubj
requirement<-compound nmod:poss nmod amod
Packwood<-compound
realm<-case det nmod amod
write<-aux dobj
headphone<-nsubj dep advmod nmod dobj ccomp
Democrats<-case compound
alternative<-case acl:relcl det amod
advantage<-nmod amod
reflect<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
peninsula<-det
demonstrate<-ccomp nmod nsubj
husband<-appos acl
drop<-case nmod:poss amod
fund<-case compound amod
exodus<-det
carry<-nsubj dobj mark
Lilly<-case cc conj compound amod
construction<-cc conj
Columbia<-case cc conj
Smith<-dep compound
initiate<-cop nsubj det nmod amod compound
universe<-nmod:poss
Bennett<-compound
equity<-case nmod:poss
slide<-dep
afford<-aux nmod nsubj
software<-amod
Jan.<-cc nummod conj
street<-det nmod
plant<-case cc conj
extend<-dep
force<-dobj advmod mark
carry<-nsubj cc neg advmod nmod dobj aux
comestible<-amod
buy<-nsubj cc advmod dobj conj mark
employee<-case nmod amod
kowtow<-dobj nmod mark
water<-cc conj amod
expand<-dep dobj
repay<-ccomp mark
decline<-dobj nsubj
go<-nsubj cc advmod dobj aux conj
claim<-case det
fire<-dep det amod
courier<-acl:relcl det
powerful<-cc conj
scurry<-nmod nsubj
air<-aux dobj nsubj
month<-case nummod acl
month<-cop acl:relcl det
shake-up<-dep det amod
candidacy<-case amod det compound
know<-aux nsubj neg advcl
outstanding<-cc conj advmod
achieve<-ccomp nsubj
person<-nummod det nmod
accessory<-dep neg advmod nsubj
be<-advmod ccomp mark
focus<-aux advcl nmod nsubj
incapable<-cop advcl mark
need<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
cost<-dep
index<-compound
rally<-xcomp advmod nsubj
throw<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
need<-cop amod det mark
estate<-cop appos nmod amod
sustain<-xcomp mark
accustom<-xcomp auxpass
approach<-cc conj
figure<-xcomp nsubj
purpose<-case compound
everybody<-dep cc nummod conj
enough<-xcomp cop advmod
warm<-cc conj
defer<-nmod dobj
charge<-case acl:relcl
spout<-dobj nmod nsubj
acquire<-nsubj nmod dobj
foreign<-cc conj
judgment<-acl:relcl
incur<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
plunge<-case nmod:poss amod
experience<-det amod
anyone<-case acl:relcl
freeze<-cc conj nmod dobj
DAX<-det
strategy<-det nmod
fill<-case nmod
parent<-case nmod:poss amod
berate<-dobj nmod nsubj
top<-case cop nsubj cc det nmod conj
sell<-nmod:tmod dobj
squint<-auxpass nmod
feedlot<-case nmod
benefit<-compound advmod amod
sort<-nmod
troops<-case det
have<-advcl aux ccomp nmod nsubj
actor<-case det amod
someone<-advmod
automobile<-appos compound nmod:poss amod
cargo<-case compound
ingredient<-case det nmod amod
quake<-case advmod det
consider<-aux nmod dobj
full<-dep cop nmod
same<-det nmod
bullhorn<-case cc conj
sponsor<-det nmod compound
system<-acl amod
see<-nsubj advcl dobj mark
difficult<-xcomp cop advmod nsubj
12,500<-case dep
Netherlands<-case cc conj det
do<-nmod:tmod nmod advcl
related<-cop nmod neg nsubj
real-estate<-case nmod amod
recession<-case cc conj compound
succeed<-mark
candidate<-case compound
brand<-nummod nmod
method<-det nmod amod
hold<-aux advmod compound:prt nmod nsubj
invest<-mark nmod dobj
appear<-dep nsubj
nothing<-cop advmod nmod
succeed<-dobj mark
lack<-dep compound
maker<-case dep det amod
die<-xcomp nsubj
come<-xcomp aux nsubj
elect<-nsubj advmod ccomp
manage<-cc conj dobj
Journal/Europe<-case det compound
think<-cc ccomp nsubj
clump<-case det nmod
Nicaragua<-case amod
handling<-advcl nsubj mark
defendant<-case
headquarters<-nmod:poss nmod compound
employee<-nummod nmod
patient<-case det
tax-free<-cop nsubj advmod nmod dobj aux mark
cop<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
responsible<-cop nmod
one-fourth<-nmod
abandon<-advmod dobj
tro<-case
sociologist<-det
inexpensive<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
pay<-case nmod
contact<-case nmod compound
lion<-case det compound
control<-dep dobj nsubj
air<-appos amod
countenance<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
plant<-case compound nmod:poss acl:relcl amod
airlift<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
go<-cc aux conj nmod nsubj
stay<-compound:prt mark
Contras<-cc conj det
accept<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
mount<-aux nmod mark
assert<-nsubj ccomp
most<-dep det
reform<-cc conj amod nsubj
Station<-case compound
election<-case nummod det amod
injunction<-det
suffer<-nmod advcl
support<-advcl dobj nsubj
lobby<-advmod mark
hundred<-advmod nmod
similar<-cop nmod mark
defendant<-cc conj det
ease<-aux nsubj dobj mark
possess<-dobj mark
chemical<-case cc conj
funding<-amod nmod compound
educate<-xcomp aux nsubj
way<-nmod:poss
close<-xcomp cop
New<-dep compound
market<-cc conj advmod det
Symphony<-case det compound
type<-nummod nmod
wheelchair<-case dep det
stop<-nsubj cc dobj advcl aux conj
professional<-det
think<-parataxis aux ccomp neg nsubj
risk<-case cop nsubj mark
unite<-nsubj advmod nmod mark
truck<-det
mistreat<-advcl dobj mark
megawatt<-case nummod nmod
trend<-case det amod
1.55<-case cop dep nmod
homeowner<-case nummod det compound
group<-acl:relcl det compound
bring<-aux nmod mark
case<-det acl
city<-cc conj advmod det
retain<-xcomp dobj nsubj
savings<-case amod
what<-dep
quota<-amod
mind<-case det
american<-cc conj compound acl:relcl amod
bid<-case compound det amod
mafia<-det compound
fan<-amod
memory<-amod
fill<-cop acl:relcl nsubj
associate<-compound nmod amod
interview<-case det amod
group<-case acl:relcl det
such<-nsubj
uninsured<-cc conj
bureau<-det
buy<-compound
think<-xcomp mark
willing<-xcomp advmod nsubj
channel<-nmod dobj
answer<-det det:predet
Rwanda<-case
subject<-advmod
trail<-nmod:poss nmod compound
stance<-case nmod:poss amod
sit<-xcomp advmod nmod nsubj
prove<-dobj mark
night<-dep det
vote<-nmod
river<-cc conj det
initiative<-case
vehicle<-case cc conj
perhaps<-nmod ccomp
innumerable<-dep cop
something<-cop
lawyer<-case nmod
Christie<-case
pattern<-det acl
Connecticut<-case
cameo<-nmod
step<-dep nummod
Agency<-appos det compound
knock<-dobj nmod nsubj
shadow<-case det nmod
stretch<-aux cop amod nmod nsubj
co-chairman<-cc conj nmod:poss
output<-nmod amod
tear<-case
Kidder<-case appos
escape<-dobj nmod mark
ozone<-case nmod
stand<-cc conj nmod nsubj
beauty<-det nmod
explore<-dobj mark
Capital<-amod compound
1.5765<-case dep
interest<-case dep nmod
severity<-det nmod amod
talk<-dep
submit<-dobj nmod advmod mark
view<-dobj nmod nsubj
ally<-case dep conj cc
incentive<-case amod
improve<-advcl
stop<-xcomp cc conj advmod nsubj
design<-case compound amod
expect<-xcomp nsubj advcl
signatory<-det
tradition<-neg nmod amod
pair<-det
imply<-dobj nsubj
bloc<-case det
figure<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss compound
mislead<-cc aux auxpass nsubjpass
announce<-parataxis nsubj advcl
free<-dep cop
do<-aux nsubj advmod mark
client<-appos amod
no<-amod
week<-case amod det compound
block<-case
15,000<-case advmod
Board<-nummod compound
dollar<-case cc conj det det:predet
research<-nmod amod
communicate<-aux nmod neg
respect<-case det
camera<-case det nmod compound
carrier<-neg nummod
courier<-cc conj acl:relcl det
section<-case det nmod
contract<-case nmod
input<-nmod
banking<-case nmod compound
unveil<-dobj mark
disavow<-cc nsubj dobj advcl
apart<-nmod:npmod
Brawer<-case compound
estimate<-nmod compound
save<-dep neg dobj nsubj
Meyer<-case compound
disobey<-xcomp mark
288,000<-case
force<-case compound det nmod amod
provision<-dep det amod
drift<-case
wisdom<-nmod:poss
criticize<-aux auxpass nsubjpass advcl
currency<-case cc conj det amod
typical<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
rise<-nsubj ccomp nmod advmod mark
obligatto<-det compound
forecast<-nmod
rapid<-advmod
recall<-aux dobj nsubj
veteran<-case
get<-parataxis aux dobj nsubj
IRA<-case
suit<-cc conj det compound
sustain<-dobj mark
know<-nmod ccomp
overuse<-nmod
american<-dobj mark
true<-cc cop conj ccomp
profit<-dep det
bring<-nsubj dobj compound:prt advcl
cost<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
grounds<-case compound
cut<-dobj nmod compound:prt
frame<-compound det acl:relcl amod
outlook<-nmod:poss amod
exploit<-dep dobj mark
cash<-dep
convertible<-nmod
expand<-nmod mark
D.<-case appos acl:relcl compound
market<-compound amod
find<-advcl nsubj mark
then<-cc dep
Board<-case nmod:poss nmod
decide<-xcomp nsubj ccomp
friend<-case nmod:poss
collect<-nsubj nmod mark
shelter<-amod
grave<-amod
what<-case nmod
raise<-ccomp nmod nsubj
byline<-case det nmod
past<-dep cop advmod
end<-ccomp compound:prt
drive<-aux compound:prt dobj nsubj
defender<-compound
stuff<-case
take<-dobj nsubj dep advmod ccomp compound:prt
chamber<-case nmod:poss
do<-advcl nmod dobj
set<-advmod dobj
truce<-det
answerable<-nmod
Provenza<-ccomp nmod nsubj
play<-advmod nmod nsubj
dismal<-cop nmod
get<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
suit<-appos det
discussion<-case cop nmod
build<-cc auxpass nsubjpass conj dobj
hurricane<-case
democracy<-dep
explode<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
dealer<-cc conj
Hambrecht<-cc case conj
Conlon<-nmod:poss compound
one<-amod advmod det nmod mark
average<-det compound
perform<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
take<-advcl dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
proposal<-compound det amod
establish<-dobj nmod mark
Westinghouse<-dep
prohibit<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
provider<-det nmod amod
hall<-case det
buy<-dobj advmod nsubj
banker<-amod
erect<-dobj mark
building<-case cc conj compound
center<-case det compound
use<-xcomp aux dobj
media<-dep
leadership<-case compound
fear<-dobj mark
set<-dobj nsubj
want<-xcomp aux neg
contribute<-xcomp nsubj
rate<-dep nmod compound
critic<-nmod
exposure<-nmod:poss nmod amod
risk<-det acl
classic<-nsubj nmod ccomp
sequel<-cop det nmod
common<-cop nmod nsubj
factory<-case cc amod compound conj nmod:poss
take<-nsubj compound:prt dobj mark
point<-compound
aim<-case nmod compound
Airlines<-appos compound
shame<-case det acl
farmer<-dep det amod
court<-dep det compound
fund<-nmod amod
Price<-case compound
american<-dobj nmod mark
echo<-nsubj
IBM<-case det compound
Noriega<-dep
share<-dep nsubj mark
field<-det amod
a<-cop acl:relcl
do<-aux advmod nsubj
shop<-nummod nmod amod
fund<-case dep compound
Co.<-case acl:relcl compound
stay<-dobj
target<-dep dobj nsubj
person<-case det amod
make<-aux dobj ccomp nsubj
War<-case det compound
institution<-det compound
everything<-compound
discharge<-case nummod
share<-case nummod amod det compound
politics<-case compound amod
Afghanistan<-case compound
)<-cc conj advmod amod
hear<-aux nsubj advcl dobj
sell<-advmod nmod mark
est<-case nummod advmod
conflation<-nmod:poss nmod amod
line<-det amod
O'Brien<-compound
voter<-case det
lack<-det nmod amod
record<-dobj nmod mark
do<-aux nmod dobj
half-hour<-det nmod amod
succeed<-aux nsubj
wool<-case cc conj
Duclos<-nmod compound
page<-nmod compound
treaty<-det amod
store<-compound
reagan-like<-dep cop advmod nsubj
Sotheby<-case det
industry<-acl:relcl det
interest<-case det
patriarch<-nmod
request<-case nmod compound
recently<-nmod:npmod
high<-cop
group<-case compound det nmod amod
attention<-acl:relcl det nmod
agreement<-case nmod compound
high<-case nummod nmod:poss nmod
encourage<-xcomp dobj
appeal<-det nmod amod
Spain<-case cc conj
line<-case det compound
generate<-nsubj dobj mark
sit<-nsubj
1/2<-dep compound
approach<-ccomp nmod nsubj
storm<-case det
end<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
constrain<-dobj mark
make<-xcomp advmod mark
war<-case det nmod
1023/32<-case
University<-case nmod compound
164,830,000<-cop nsubj
barometer<-det nmod
switch<-compound:prt dobj
count<-advmod nmod
take<-advmod dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
Prop.<-nummod
division<-det nmod amod
review<-dobj mark
1980<-case advmod
compromise<-case det
franc<-case nummod nmod
necessity<-case amod
yen.sales<-case nummod
fraught<-cop nsubj nmod mark
Americans<-cop nsubj cc neg det acl:relcl conj
deregulation<-case nmod
open<-advmod nmod
enter<-advmod dobj nsubj
Falco<-compound
guide<-dep cop nmod nsubj
clarinetist<-case acl:relcl det amod
stalwart<-amod det nmod det:predet
Soviets<-dep det acl
Productions<-cc conj compound
occur<-advcl advmod nsubj
student<-case acl:relcl det
Cohen<-case compound
six<-case nmod
slowdown<-case cc conj det
product<-case det compound
estimate<-ccomp mark
budget-cutting<-case
manager<-nmod amod
re-enactment<-det
become<-aux nsubj nmod mark
semiconductor<-case
outflow<-det amod
hundred<-det
tend<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
cut<-case cc conj compound
less<-cc nmod
tighten<-dobj mark
pall<-det nmod
hold<-case compound det amod
profitable<-cop mark
return<-det compound
category<-case det
believe<-aux advmod ccomp nsubj
have<-aux nsubj nmod ccomp
army<-case nmod
Friday<-compound
approval<-acl:relcl nmod
begin<-cc conj nmod:tmod nsubj
expand<-nmod nsubj
less<-dep
region<-det amod
less<-det
offset<-advcl dobj
exercise<-dobj nmod mark
place<-det nmod
bill<-case cc conj nmod compound
pull<-nmod compound:prt
accustomed<-advmod nmod
extension<-det
use<-nsubj dobj advcl
negotiate<-advmod dobj
able<-xcomp cop nsubj mark
set<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
trim<-xcomp
give<-advmod ccomp compound:prt
creditor<-nmod amod
(<-nummod acl
interest<-advmod amod
third<-case det nmod
exchange<-amod det compound
Staff<-case
profit<-amod det nmod compound
can<-cc conj nsubj
announce<-nsubj ccomp advcl
c<-case advmod
auction<-compound nmod:poss amod
net<-case det
Isle<-case appos compound
retire<-aux nmod nsubj
tumble<-dobj nsubj
cause<-dep dobj nsubj
fiefdom<-acl:relcl det amod
frustration<-cc conj nmod amod
payroll<-cc conj
level<-acl:relcl det amod
Schering-Plough<-advmod acl:relcl
post<-aux dobj nsubj
Block<-compound amod
regular-season<-case
maker<-dep det nmod
entrepreneur<-det amod
Royal<-case
cash<-nmod amod
seek<-xcomp nsubj mark
bureaucrat<-nummod det
archrival<-appos nmod:poss
aver<-ccomp nsubj
measure<-acl:relcl compound
expect<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
model<-nummod det
list<-case acl:relcl det compound
people<-case nmod:poss
rule<-nmod mark
prevent<-dobj nsubj
Mahatma<-dep det
phone<-dobj nmod nsubj
solution<-case
470.80<-case
need<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
$<-case nummod nmod amod
recession<-cc conj
quickly<-case
democrat<-case amod
deprive<-dobj mark
Japan<-appos
fall<-compound:prt nsubj
bike<-det amod
challenge<-case det compound
manipulate<-ccomp nsubj
about<-aux nsubj ccomp mark
backstop<-case det
interested<-aux cop advcl nsubj
peak<-case nmod
furrier<-amod
option<-nmod
stuff<-amod
bleed<-dobj mark
income<-case nmod
ambassador<-case det compound
announce<-dep advmod dobj nsubj
product<-nmod:poss
motion<-case cop cc advmod dep conj
illegally<-nmod
page<-case cc conj compound
account<-case compound
thing<-dep nummod nmod
Taylor<-appos compound
practice<-compound amod
go<-advcl nmod mark
contest<-case compound det nmod amod
protector<-nmod amod
estimate<-case det nmod amod
meeting<-cop det nmod
frame<-dobj mark
own<-aux auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
say<-advcl aux advmod neg nsubj
tell<-aux ccomp neg nsubj
score<-case det nmod
halt<-case det amod
net<-case nmod
trend<-case amod
Division<-det compound
ad<-nummod
affect<-aux nsubj mark
program<-cop nsubj dep det amod mark
department<-compound det amod
report<-cop acl:relcl
country.inflation<-nummod det
savings<-det
loss<-nmod compound
concern<-dep det compound
service<-nmod:poss
barrier<-case cc conj compound amod
take<-aux advmod dobj
1.41<-dep
assume<-advmod dobj nsubj
audition<-nmod:poss acl
rosier<-advmod
Nikko<-case
preference<-det
lose<-aux nsubj advcl dobj mark
advertising<-nmod:poss
time<-cc dep nummod
american<-nsubj dobj mark
nine<-dep advmod
do<-parataxis nsubj neg dobj aux mark
team<-xcomp compound:prt nmod mark
lighting<-dep nsubj dobj
yet<-advmod
audit<-case compound
heart<-dep
encourage<-aux nmod
metaphor<-det nmod
use<-advmod dobj nmod mark
preserve<-ccomp mark
up<-dep
touch<-det nmod amod
krater<-compound det amod
ending<-case nmod amod
expand<-iobj dobj
racetrack<-case
scrap<-dep dobj
soft<-cc cop conj nsubj
able<-xcomp cop nmod nsubj
make<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj advcl aux
test<-ccomp mark
time<-case advmod det
stock<-compound nmod nsubj
base<-dobj compound:prt mark
Whitten<-cc conj nmod compound
"<-ccomp
size<-nmod
appear<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
U.S.S.R.<-case cc conj det
encounter<-case det nmod
kidnapping<-case cc conj det nmod
donate<-aux nmod nsubj
Germany<-case appos compound
bidding<-cop amod neg
Icahn<-appos compound
poor.running<-case det nmod
2<-dep compound
slate<-case nmod:poss nmod
helpful<-cop nmod nsubj
mistrial<-case det
NBC<-case nmod:poss
Ortegas<-nmod:poss
align<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
marketing<-case cc conj
room<-det amod
arrangement<-acl:relcl det
remain<-nsubj nmod mark
Glazier<-compound
take<-dobj advmod nsubj
master<-case det
bullishness<-dep amod
bond<-acl:relcl
$<-cop nsubj cc nummod nmod conj
lesson<-case compound det amod
pilot<-dep det
absolutism<-amod
drop<-dep nmod dobj
passenger<-nummod
dividend<-case amod
debt<-det nmod
(<-case dep compound nmod:poss amod
dignity<-nmod nsubj
sterling<-case compound amod
749<-dep
capitalism<-case
limelight<-case det nmod
actor<-case det
grower<-case cc conj
rush<-xcomp nsubj
condone<-dobj mark
fall<-dep compound
over<-nmod
price<-amod det compound
restructure<-nsubj dobj mark
hold<-compound:prt dobj nmod mark
export<-xcomp nsubj mark
not<-dep cop conj cc nsubj
spirit<-amod
intend<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
finance<-amod
stun<-nsubj ccomp
speak<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
official<-compound det amod
gold<-dep
provide<-ccomp nmod nsubj
hear<-aux advmod nmod neg nsubj
contain<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
{<-nummod nmod compound
shopping<-neg
subtle<-cc conj advmod
hold<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
interpret<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod ccomp
come<-auxpass nmod mark
executive<-cc conj compound
Zeisler<-appos compound
check<-case acl det amod
mannered<-cop advmod nsubj
help<-xcomp aux neg
phone<-cc conj
again<-nmod:npmod
comeback<-case det amod
trust<-nmod:poss
unfair<-cc cop conj nsubj mark
victory<-nmod:poss amod
Olin<-case
day<-case nmod
plant<-acl:relcl det compound
Czechoslovakia<-case
}<-compound advmod amod
Lazard<-cc conj
waver<-neg nmod nsubj
Committee<-case det nmod compound
Soviet<-case compound det amod
look<-advcl nmod mark
prospects<-case nmod:poss
body<-appos
commuter<-amod
estate<-det compound
Barr<-case cc conj compound
(<-advcl dobj
stock<-case det nmod amod
1.26<-case dep nmod:tmod
step<-advmod mark
interior<-case det nmod
help<-advcl nsubj mark
impose<-nsubj dobj nmod:tmod advcl
equal<-nsubj cc advmod dobj conj mark
drop<-case det compound
violation<-det nmod
different<-cop advmod nsubj
device<-case det
egg<-det
flock<-xcomp
catch<-nsubj dobj mark
bank<-case acl:relcl det
breaker<-acl compound
papers<-det nmod amod
reach<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
limited<-cc conj advmod
pummel<-auxpass advmod nmod
award<-case compound det amod
antihero<-appos nmod:poss
company<-case nummod nmod
position<-cc conj nmod dobj
budget<-compound amod
interested<-cop nsubj dobj advcl mark
storm<-case neg cop det nsubj
tender<-case acl:relcl
tunnel<-nmod compound
trader<-acl:relcl acl
give<-parataxis nsubj iobj dobj advcl
States<-case acl:relcl det compound
panic<-det
sentence<-case cop nmod:tmod nmod advcl
soar<-ccomp nsubj
benefit<-compound
surge<-case det nmod amod
pay<-aux dobj neg nmod nsubj
bang<-amod
economist<-cc conj
seamy<-advmod
worry<-dep aux advmod nmod nsubj
prefer<-dobj nsubj
decline<-nmod:poss
Jersey<-case compound
continue<-case dep dobj
articulate<-xcomp mark
doubt<-dobj nsubj
do<-nsubj nmod dobj
rubbish<-cop
report<-aux nmod nsubj
Aeroflot<-case nmod:poss
indicate<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj conj
bond<-nummod amod nmod:poss compound
gunner<-compound
10<-nmod
5,200<-nmod mark
melding<-det nmod
call<-xcomp aux compound:prt mark
many<-advmod ccomp
tie<-case acl:relcl compound
tack<-case det
filing<-case det compound
length<-case compound
file<-det amod
deficit<-acl:relcl det nmod compound
sell<-case compound amod
entrepreneur<-case nmod
Salvatori<-compound
holler<-nmod
Delicious<-case
pend<-advmod ccomp
bank<-case cc nummod conj amod
article<-nmod
soar<-cop
Fujitsu<-acl:relcl
40,000<-dep nmod compound
livid<-cop nmod ccomp
merchant<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
increase<-advmod dobj mark
thing<-case acl:relcl amod
go<-aux compound:prt dobj neg nsubj
shirk<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
dot<-ccomp nsubj
election<-case det compound
demand<-nmod amod
make<-advmod compound:prt dobj nsubj
strike<-case det
debate<-case nmod amod
381/2<-dep compound
feel<-nsubj cc neg compound:prt aux conj
stock<-case cc conj nmod amod
revise<-dobj mark
airline<-case
Ways<-cc conj acl:relcl det compound
critic<-det
legal<-cc conj
storage<-case amod
solve<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
trouble<-neg
take<-xcomp nsubj dobj advmod mark
buy<-xcomp ccomp
reformer<-case amod
foot<-case nmod amod
cassette<-det nmod
put<-dep compound:prt nsubj
have<-nsubj neg dobj advcl aux mark
pick<-dep nmod:poss nmod
claim<-cc conj amod
earn<-dep advmod dobj nsubj
bank<-nmod:poss amod
guy<-cop amod det nsubj
wonder<-advcl advmod nsubj
have<-aux nsubj ccomp nmod mark
Shilling<-acl:relcl compound
447.76<-case
remarkable<-advmod
story<-case appos det
produce<-aux dobj advmod nsubj
welcome<-dobj mark
show<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
segment<-case det amod
Sventek<-case compound det amod
stock<-case cc conj nmod:poss
earn<-advcl aux dobj nmod nsubj
rail<-case cc conj cc:preconj
maxim<-case det nmod
(<-det nmod compound
survey<-case amod
suit<-dep cop acl:relcl det amod
grow<-dobj mark
fail<-nmod mark
75<-case dep
know<-ccomp nmod nsubj
surge<-case
unwilling<-xcomp cop nsubj cc mark conj
lead<-aux dobj
well-paying<-nsubj dobj mark
book<-det amod
year<-nummod amod nmod compound
Rally<-case
deplore<-dobj nsubj
organization<-dep amod
reaction<-det nmod amod
half-hour<-advmod det
Collins<-acl:relcl compound
prove<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
circumspect<-cop advmod mark
bid<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj conj
abandon<-xcomp nmod nsubj
concern<-dep det amod
feel<-xcomp neg nsubj
scale<-case
protester<-det amod
that<-xcomp aux nsubj
recapitalization<-case det
more<-cop advmod
luck<-amod
recommend<-dobj nsubj
design<-case nmod
clear<-dep
stage<-case amod
packaging<-case cc conj
jump<-det nmod amod
aim<-xcomp nsubj
bring<-aux dobj nsubj
ipo<-case
Ore.<-appos compound
goods<-det
diplomat<-compound
researcher<-amod
sustain<-dobj advmod mark
seat<-cc nummod conj nmod
stand<-nsubj dobj mark
know<-aux ccomp neg
wreckage<-det
Blair<-appos compound
offering<-compound nmod:poss amod
detector<-case nummod compound
job<-case nmod amod
cost<-dep aux dobj nmod nsubj
Dang<-amod compound
human-rights<-cc conj
use<-det compound
's<-ccomp nmod nsubj
collapse<-det compound
Metamucil<-case
technology<-cop advmod nmod:poss acl nsubj
resume<-dobj nmod mark
criticism<-case cc conj
behavior<-case det amod
strategy<-case amod
bicycling<-cc conj
make<-xcomp csubj mark
bitterly<-nmod
increase<-ccomp nsubj dobj mark
cfc<-dep
serve<-iobj dobj
franchise<-case det
take<-advmod iobj dobj nsubj
puff<-cc conj det
hail<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
decline<-nmod:poss compound
supply<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
fraud<-det
gain<-case det compound
100,000<-case dep nmod
loyal<-xcomp cop advmod nsubj
flat<-cc conj
example<-case det compound
stable<-cop advmod nsubj
experience<-advmod nsubj
know<-advmod dobj
Act<-compound det nmod amod
list<-dobj
bag<-nummod nmod
deal<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
gene<-det amod
indicate<-dobj
now<-cc dep
junket<-amod
encourage<-nmod dobj
deregulation<-case cc nummod compound conj nmod:poss
sense<-case amod
beanball<-case neg
liquidity<-dep
supply<-ccomp nsubj
hurt<-cc mark auxpass nsubjpass advcl aux conj
snapshot<-det nmod
consequent<-dep dobj
convention-goer<-advcl advmod nmod dobj
republic<-nmod:poss amod
choir<-compound
agree<-nmod mark
reformer<-case det
merge<-dobj mark
sideline<-det
prior<-mwe
history<-acl:relcl nmod amod
part<-advmod nmod
bullet<-dep cop det nmod amod
tassel<-det nmod
discounting<-case amod
get<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
pail<-case det compound
scold<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
Volokhs<-case det
wedding<-nmod:poss nmod nsubj
Project<-case det compound
allege<-xcomp cop nsubj
Samovar<-det compound
unwillingness<-case nmod:poss acl
strain<-det
313/4<-dep appos compound
process<-aux dobj nsubj
come<-auxpass dobj compound:prt
economist<-cop amod nmod:poss nmod nsubj
line<-nmod
haunt<-dobj nsubj
%<-nummod nmod acl
model<-dep det compound
three<-dep advmod compound
dispose<-nmod mark
account<-cc conj amod
cost<-aux dobj iobj nmod nsubj
earthquake<-case det nmod
spa<-cc conj acl:relcl amod
tourist<-case compound
share<-cop cc nummod det amod conj
992<-dep nmod dobj
falsely<-case
accounting<-dobj nsubj
solicitation<-compound amod
D.T<-case
football<-cop acl:relcl neg
coupon<-det amod
holder<-det nmod
Canaan<-case appos compound
different<-dep advmod nmod
travel<-case
Atlantans<-amod
club<-case cop advmod det nsubj
messrs.spadafora<-case cc conj
stir<-dobj nsubj
pay<-dobj nmod advmod mark
help<-det
aluminum<-cc conj
$<-nummod amod
pilot<-nmod
share<-dep compound
manner<-case det nmod
fraction<-advmod det
plunge<-xcomp nsubj
executive-branch<-cc conj
Men<-dep compound
painting<-acl:relcl det amod
time<-case nmod compound
give<-dep neg dobj nsubj
defend<-advmod dobj nsubj
restructuring<-nmod:poss
increase<-dep dobj
interfere<-nmod
entitle<-xcomp dobj nsubj
bear<-advmod dobj nsubj
requirement<-nmod compound
hearing<-nmod mark
estate<-cc conj amod
appreciate<-aux advcl nmod nsubj
water<-dobj
happen<-dep cop nmod nsubj
minor<-advmod
Vila<-case compound
cent<-case dep nummod conj cc
hearing<-nmod
user<-compound amod
Chicago<-case amod
bar<-cc conj
buildup<-det nmod
fire<-case cop nmod amod
force<-det compound
chain<-dobj ccomp nmod nsubj
gold<-case nmod
ensure<-aux ccomp nsubj
313/8<-dep compound
aspect<-det amod
rate<-case det
trade<-nmod:poss nmod compound
society<-amod
prospects<-case
put<-aux dobj nsubj
risk<-case det amod
advise<-dep dobj ccomp nmod mark
action<-case acl:relcl det
deterioration<-det nmod
reach<-nsubj neg dobj advcl aux mark
policy<-case det nmod amod
off<-dep cop nsubj
piece<-det amod
hope<-neg nsubj
Acquisition<-case compound
target<-compound
time<-advmod det
61.875<-case dep
Craig<-case nmod:poss compound
apply<-aux nmod neg nsubj
further<-advmod dobj
chief<-det compound
pace<-det nmod
neutron<-dep dobj
%<-dep nummod det nmod cc compound conj
division<-case det amod
flabbergast<-cop
Arafat<-case
eat<-mark
expansion<-case det nmod acl
profit<-xcomp nmod nsubj
treatment<-case amod
attorney<-nmod
guy<-case
offer<-dep det
form<-dobj nmod nsubj
S.A.<-case nmod compound
emphasis<-aux cop nmod amod expl
limit<-dobj mark
Warner<-case cop
Thi<-compound
commit<-cop advmod nmod
import<-case compound det nmod amod
percent<-nummod
seat<-case cc conj amod
longer<-nmod:npmod nmod
read<-mark
Caracas<-case
run<-neg auxpass advmod nsubjpass dobj
trigger<-dobj
tilt<-case advmod det amod
soar<-ccomp
aspect<-case det amod
1.86<-case dep
station<-det compound
accord<-case det nmod compound
responsibility<-case nmod
Grassley<-case appos compound
terminal<-dep nmod
measure<-dobj nsubj
higher<-advcl
appear<-xcomp ccomp nsubj
total<-nsubj dobj mark
interpret<-case advmod ccomp
proposal<-acl
room<-case cc det nmod compound conj
replace<-xcomp
Armstrong<-case
sweet<-cop advmod nmod
pay<-nsubj cc advmod dobj iobj aux
do<-parataxis nsubj dep compound:prt aux dobj
describe<-cop nsubj nmod advmod mark
session<-det amod
design<-cop nmod nsubj
add<-nsubj dobj mark
payment<-det nmod
go<-advcl nsubj
line<-case nmod
seek<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
takeover<-cop amod det neg
decision<-case det nmod amod
year<-case acl:relcl det amod
I<-case cc conj det amod
pursuit<-det nmod
delay<-case amod
institution<-compound
compare<-nsubj ccomp mark
product<-case compound nmod:poss amod
member<-nmod:poss
name<-dep det
tank<-case det compound
rioting<-compound nmod amod
endeavor<-det
map<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
chide<-advcl dobj
shake<-aux compound:prt nmod neg nsubj
today<-appos
satellite<-det
unload<-dobj mark
oh<-dep
respond<-discourse nsubj
slogan<-dep det
willingess<-case nmod:poss acl
manufacturer<-det
house<-nummod amod
lion<-case det
area<-case dep det
burner<-det
lay<-nmod mark
fare<-xcomp nsubj
alive<-cop nsubj advmod mark
road<-dep amod
rise<-case compound det amod
one-fifth<-nmod
run<-dobj
wary<-cop advmod nmod
problem<-case compound
Japan<-case acl:relcl
)<-advmod ccomp nsubj
create<-nsubj advmod dobj mark
predict<-aux advcl nmod dobj
whiner<-cop nsubj appos det amod mark
consumer<-case nmod amod
Austin<-dep
Computer<-case compound
country<-nmod
misconception<-dep cop det nsubj
request<-compound det nmod amod
able<-xcomp cop advmod
Bay<-case cc conj det compound
intelligence<-cc conj
firm<-xcomp nsubj mark
independent<-case
catch<-nmod compound
commitment<-det amod
2170<-case
hit<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
senator<-case
sale<-case amod compound
make<-advcl aux dobj nmod nsubj
auction<-case
impossible<-neg
earnings<-dep nmod
statistician<-case
company<-nmod amod
hold<-nmod mark
repurchase<-neg advmod mark auxpass nsubjpass aux dobj
wife<-dep nmod:poss
give<-nsubj ccomp
incentive<-det acl
pass<-aux nmod
open<-nsubj advmod nmod compound:prt advcl aux mark
mount<-advcl nsubj
one<-nmod acl
sale<-dep nmod
the<-case dep
relationship<-det nmod amod
Dearborn<-dep
try<-xcomp nsubj advmod advcl
display<-dobj
voice<-case det amod
form<-case nmod compound
backing<-case nmod:poss
outlet<-nummod nmod amod
requirement<-compound
attorney<-nmod:poss
government<-case acl:relcl det amod
Securities<-case appos compound
%<-nummod det nmod compound
accuse<-dep det amod
Union<-case compound amod
prepare<-dobj
pay<-dep compound:prt dobj mark
TVA<-det
give<-advcl dobj iobj mark
midst<-det nmod
have<-xcomp ccomp
extent<-det nmod
likely<-xcomp cop neg nsubj
culture<-det amod
woman<-dep det ccomp
advise<-xcomp aux nsubj nmod advcl
receivable<-compound
deal<-case det amod
worker<-acl:relcl det amod
Nissan<-dep
Hauptman<-appos compound
Russia<-case acl:relcl
fail<-advcl nmod nsubj
Merck<-cc conj
fund<-compound nmod amod
low<-cop advmod ccomp
stabilize<-advcl dobj mark
furrier<-case amod
president<-cc cop conj nmod compound
1003/32<-case
humanitarian<-advmod
greedy<-nmod:npmod cop advmod nsubj
fund<-case cc conj amod
sentiment<-det nmod
one<-dep nmod
kid<-nummod
compel<-xcomp
legislator<-appos det
past<-case det nmod
Detroit<-case
time<-case dep amod
negotiator<-case compound
determine<-ccomp nsubj
schedule<-compound
211<-nsubj mark
Wilson<-case compound
acquire<-ccomp
tourist<-det nmod
reach<-case
do<-advcl
clamp<-nmod:poss
1974-75<-case
turn<-det nmod compound
wave<-aux auxpass nmod compound:prt
statue<-case det nmod
suffer<-advcl dobj nsubj
have<-advmod ccomp expl
Committee<-case compound det nmod amod
prevail<-advmod nmod nsubj
absence<-nmod:poss nmod
Institute<-case nmod compound
able<-xcomp cop nsubj advmod nmod aux
staffer<-nummod
padding<-case
delay<-aux nsubj dobj advmod mark
shop<-nmod amod
butt<-cc aux conj compound:prt nsubj
weight<-cc conj det nmod
billion<-advmod nmod compound
cost<-xcomp aux nsubj
veto<-case det
spill<-det compound
portfolio<-case dep nmod
factor<-cop nsubj det amod acl:relcl aux
sheet<-compound
follow<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
prepare<-xcomp aux mark
revenue<-dep advmod
Finland<-case
set<-ccomp nsubj
expect<-aux nsubj ccomp nmod mark
begin<-xcomp advmod nmod nsubj
better<-nmod:npmod
deadline<-det amod
different<-nsubj
anything<-advmod nmod
assembly<-advmod det
restructuring<-case det nmod amod
11,450<-case dep
position<-compound det amod
debut<-case det nmod
have<-ccomp nmod expl
Orkem<-case
15<-case dep compound det amod
loyal<-advmod
practice<-case compound acl:relcl amod
one<-cop amod det acl nsubj
plummet<-nsubj ccomp mark
force<-xcomp
create<-advmod ccomp nsubj
business<-cop det amod
off-line<-case nummod compound nmod:poss amod
shareholder<-det nmod amod
believe<-nsubj dobj
Cambodians<-case nummod
proliferate<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
book<-appos nmod:poss
take<-aux advmod nmod advcl
right<-cop advmod nsubj
go<-advcl nsubj nmod mark
bring<-advcl dobj nsubj
track<-nmod
customer<-cop nsubj cc amod conj nmod:poss
launch<-nmod dobj
Fund<-compound det amod
division<-case det nmod amod
will<-neg nsubj
represent<-nmod dobj
indicator<-det nmod amod
try<-cc xcomp
escape<-cc conj nmod dobj
couple<-nmod
go<-ccomp nsubj
machinery<-case amod
issue<-acl:relcl
rapidly<-nmod
one<-cop advmod nmod
four<-dep compound
Court<-case det nmod compound
hide<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
outback<-case det
fire<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
plant<-case compound
builder<-dep det
cd<-nmod:poss
clone<-compound
mortgage-backed<-cc conj
hedge<-xcomp mark
503/8<-dep compound
change<-aux nsubj neg mark
holding<-nmod:poss amod
8.625<-dep nmod
diversification<-case
require<-nsubj neg nmod:tmod nmod dobj aux
Industries<-acl:relcl compound
drive<-dobj mark
position<-amod nmod nsubj
former<-det
bill<-case
start<-nsubj dobj mark
write<-dobj ccomp nsubj
product<-case compound det amod
paper<-amod
some<-case advmod nmod
good<-case det amod
EDT<-case nummod advmod amod
sign<-nmod amod
individual<-case acl:relcl
Britain<-case cc conj
it<-dep cc
pay<-advmod nmod dobj discourse advcl mark
pleading<-case cc conj compound
lot<-case cop det nmod ccomp
currency<-nmod nsubj
ask<-ccomp nmod dobj
press<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
acidify<-advmod
clergy<-case acl:relcl
spending<-cop nmod compound
headquarters<-case nmod:poss compound
scrutinize<-aux dobj nsubj
discontinue<-dobj mark
producer<-nummod amod det compound
book<-dep
York<-case appos compound
collect<-xcomp mark
school<-case det amod
proceedings<-amod
portfolio<-compound nmod:poss amod
example<-det nmod
command<-nmod amod
Darman<-case compound
trust<-dobj nsubj
general<-det
want<-xcomp nsubj dep advmod cc conj
executive<-nummod appos compound
venture<-appos det
people<-advmod nmod:poss
Gonzalez<-cc conj appos compound
less<-cop advmod nmod
music<-case
counterbid<-case
european<-amod
knock<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
destroy<-nmod:tmod dobj
attack<-case det amod
taiwanese<-det
effort<-case compound
Cabrera<-case compound
old<-nmod:npmod dep
idea<-case
permit<-ccomp nsubj
million<-case acl:relcl det compound
habit<-compound amod
translation<-case compound acl:relcl amod
enforcer<-nmod:poss compound
consistent<-cop nmod
unable<-xcomp cop nsubj
owner<-nmod
Morishita<-compound
buy<-advcl dobj nmod mark
staff<-dep det compound
Ernst<-case cc conj
do<-xcomp aux nsubj neg mark
retain<-ccomp
option<-case det nmod
pay<-nmod compound
Delegate<-case
intrusion<-det nmod
burst<-det compound
three-fourth<-advmod nmod
961<-det
share<-case nummod appos
Africa<-case cc conj compound
come<-aux nmod
1908<-case
harder<-xcomp nsubj
reach<-nmod
mayor<-nmod:poss
do<-dobj iobj nmod mark
pull<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
figure<-nmod amod
african<-case det compound
takeover<-det nmod compound
plunge<-case det amod
business<-case nummod
Ross<-nmod:poss compound
blaze<-case compound amod
support<-dep dobj
income<-acl nmod amod
enough<-nmod:npmod
suppress<-advcl dobj nmod:tmod mark
385/8<-dep compound
report<-case nmod:poss
reward<-det nmod
target<-dobj mark
fall<-advcl nmod dobj
IBM<-case appos
blini<-case
Olga<-case appos
share<-case nummod det amod
substitute<-advcl dobj
slacken<-dep nmod compound
capital<-cop compound acl nsubj
China<-case cc conj amod
wage<-case det amod
tax<-xcomp dobj
rebuild<-dobj nmod mark
agency<-case cc amod acl:relcl compound conj
rate<-dep det nmod
distribution<-det amod
earn<-advcl dobj nsubj
purchase<-compound nmod nsubj
machine<-nmod:poss
nose-dive<-cc conj dobj nsubj
reject<-dobj ccomp nsubj
be<-cc nsubj nmod expl
Iowa<-cc conj
press<-case det nmod
emerge<-nsubj nmod mark
back<-nsubj dep nmod compound:prt mark dobj
gridlock<-det amod
acceleration<-case det nmod
yield<-nmod amod
strike<-det compound
Gromov<-acl:relcl compound
delay<-advmod
dump<-xcomp
burn<-dobj compound:prt
risk<-det amod
remember<-aux nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
Movement<-case det compound
theft<-nummod nmod
assistance<-case compound
confrontation<-case amod
holiday<-det
focus<-compound
pay<-case cc conj amod
use<-case dep conj cc
title<-case compound det amod
dip<-case compound det amod
what<-case dep
win<-nmod
profit<-dep cc amod
bidding<-nmod amod
televise<-advmod
need<-neg det nmod amod
fall<-cc conj advmod nmod nsubj
describe<-nmod mark
Dallas<-case advmod
cost<-case nmod:poss compound
everything<-case advmod acl:relcl
2.4225<-case dep
appetizing<-advmod advcl
company<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
midnight<-case dep
have<-expl ccomp advmod mark
1.2645<-case dep
Goodyear<-case
auction<-case compound det amod
horn<-case amod
worried<-advmod nmod
party<-case
maker<-case det nmod
official<-case cc conj compound
generation<-case nmod amod
fear<-dep dobj nsubj
runway<-det
toxin<-acl:relcl compound
round<-dep advmod nmod nsubj
world<-acl:relcl det
partner<-acl:relcl det amod
sway<-advmod nsubj
confident<-nsubj
put<-auxpass compound:prt nsubjpass nmod mark
turn<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
appraisal<-case amod
problem<-case det compound
develop<-aux dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
deficit-ridden<-case det
Container<-compound
good<-cop nsubj mark
problem<-case acl:relcl det
give<-advmod nmod dobj
ruler<-case det amod
grace<-amod
discredit<-dobj mark
threat<-case det
sterile<-cop nsubj nmod:npmod mark cc aux conj
eventually<-dep
put<-ccomp nmod mark
quote<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
relationship<-cc conj det nmod amod
have<-nsubj cc ccomp aux conj mark
desk<-case nmod:poss
peak<-det nmod
Canada<-cc conj
purchase<-dep det compound
law<-cop nsubj dep neg nmod mark expl
best<-cop acl:relcl det
appear<-xcomp nsubj nmod mark
pick<-aux compound:prt dobj nsubj
see<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
fractional<-advmod dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
begin<-aux nsubj dobj nmod advcl
pull<-dobj mark
post<-case det
enough<-xcomp cop nsubj advcl
rig<-det
door<-nmod:poss
leader<-case compound
right-to-lifer<-det compound
walkway<-case det compound
position<-nmod:poss nmod
egg<-advmod acl:relcl amod
do<-cc conj nsubj mark
tomorrow<-compound
Carolina<-case compound
go<-cc conj nmod nsubj
Bowl<-cc conj det compound
take<-nsubj compound:prt mark
phone<-amod
measure<-dobj nmod nsubj
Fe<-compound
holder<-dep compound amod
take<-dobj iobj nmod:tmod nsubj
menu<-det nmod
sale<-appos nmod
plenty<-acl:relcl nmod
note<-case det amod
bring<-dobj advmod mark
mention<-advmod nmod
expect<-aux nsubj dobj mark
tape-delay<-case cop nsubj nmod advcl aux
Deukmejian<-compound
page<-det amod
before<-advmod
scandal<-case compound det advmod amod
elect<-auxpass nmod
Orioles<-case det
refuse<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
chef<-case nmod:poss amod
show<-compound:prt
industry<-dep compound det amod
recognize<-ccomp mark
sell<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
hand<-case amod
union<-case nmod:poss
life<-amod nmod nsubj
Area<-det compound
salesman<-case det
rise<-nmod compound
haunt<-case cc conj
rise<-compound nmod amod
clear<-nsubj
listen<-advmod nmod mark
cost<-case cc conj compound amod
bulb<-nmod:poss compound
sell<-nsubj nmod dobj advcl aux mark
society<-case cc conj
car<-acl:relcl
fly<-advmod nsubj
standard<-neg nmod amod
source<-nmod:poss compound
file<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
range<-case det compound
provide<-ccomp
game<-case cc nummod conj
borrow<-nmod
ignore<-xcomp
taxpayer<-acl:relcl det
ton<-advmod
13<-cop advmod nsubj
pistol<-det
teacher<-case det amod
danger<-cop det
attempt<-det compound
use<-aux advmod nsubj neg dobj
Rockefeller<-case
follow<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
take<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
caution<-nmod nsubj
expensive<-aux cop advmod nsubj
Bradley<-compound
get<-aux nsubj dobj advcl
trading<-case appos amod compound
1.15<-dep
freedom<-det acl
have<-cc conj ccomp nmod nsubj
bid<-case nmod
pilot<-case det nmod
anything<-cop nmod
not<-advmod
reshuffle<-dobj mark
use<-case advmod det acl:relcl
blame<-aux cop nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
comb<-auxpass nmod dobj
Hannover<-case
flat<-cop
quake<-cc conj det
economy<-compound det amod
outlook<-case nmod:poss
25,000<-case dep conj acl:relcl cc
view<-dobj nsubj
be<-dep nsubj mark
buyout<-case acl:relcl det amod
shut<-cc conj compound:prt dobj nsubj
McDonough<-dep compound
hew<-nmod
office<-dep
bothersome<-advmod
16<-case det
Hyundai<-cc conj
professor<-det compound
lending<-dobj nsubj
drop<-case dep det
ambivalent<-cop nsubj nmod:npmod nmod mark cc advcl conj ccomp
perform<-nmod nsubj
547,000<-dep cop nsubj
come<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
avoid<-ccomp mark
Fargo<-compound
lose<-xcomp aux conj cc nsubj
hear<-advcl dobj mark
ferry<-dobj nmod mark
threaten<-xcomp cop advcl
rally<-det nmod amod
compromise<-acl:relcl det
shift<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
have<-nsubj advmod dobj
will<-nsubj mark
story<-acl:relcl det
10<-case cc conj
comment<-det nmod amod
time<-cop nummod compound nmod nsubj
agree<-ccomp
easier<-xcomp cop nsubj dep advmod det advcl aux
clinic<-det
578<-dep
electromagnet<-det amod
group<-amod det compound
carry<-ccomp nsubj
depart<-nmod ccomp
investment<-case det nmod amod
succession<-det nmod
design<-case compound det amod
sentence<-case acl:relcl det amod
profit<-dep nmod:poss amod
hypocrisy<-det
thing<-det nmod amod
Needham<-case compound
manager<-case compound amod
produce<-nsubj ccomp mark
monopoly<-compound
damp<-dobj nmod mark
organization<-acl:relcl amod
smoothly<-advmod
have<-dep auxpass nsubjpass dobj
foot<-cc conj
pilot<-nummod nmod:poss
compose<-det nmod compound
invest<-nmod nsubj
Englewood<-dep
province<-case det
then-president<-nmod
become<-xcomp aux dep nmod nsubj
Kinnock<-compound
affect<-aux nmod
advertising<-amod
job<-nmod nsubj
negative<-det
argument<-case compound advmod det amod
bank<-case nmod
of<-cc conj
liquidation<-det nmod ccomp
display<-advmod ccomp nsubj
carry<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
change<-aux dobj neg nsubj
rise<-case det compound
five<-case cc conj
kind<-cop nsubj advmod det nmod acl:relcl
allow<-iobj dobj
plan<-nummod det nmod amod
Genetic<-case compound
need<-nsubj nmod mark
competitor<-det compound
attention<-det nmod
rancor<-case
receive<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
upsurge<-det nmod
resign<-neg mark
unable<-xcomp nsubj
project<-compound acl:relcl amod
disappointment<-nmod
accord<-det amod
Savings<-case cc conj compound
slowdown<-case det compound
keep<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
procedure<-det acl
Collins<-case compound
less<-cop advmod
direction<-det nmod
steelmaker<-nmod:poss amod
get<-xcomp compound:prt nmod mark
have<-aux nsubj ccomp neg advcl
swing<-advmod nsubj
soar<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
clear<-cc cop advcl neg nsubj
View<-case nmod compound
Mississippi<-case
umbrella<-case det compound
sort<-cop nmod
provision<-case det compound
prove<-advmod
reshape<-aux advmod dobj
healthy<-advmod nsubj
1.53<-dep
maker<-nmod compound
free<-advmod
set<-nsubj cc nmod:tmod compound:prt conj dobj
maturity<-case advmod det amod
enough<-nmod
heighborhood<-case amod
Council<-compound
Malcolm<-case compound
situation<-case det amod
need<-cop neg nsubj
accomplishment<-cop nsubj advmod det nmod amod
pull<-dobj nsubj
condition<-nmod amod
antacid<-det
demand<-nsubj
said<-cc conj mark
tumor<-det
face<-cop advmod acl nsubj
possible<-dep cop ccomp
Baker<-appos compound
commission<-nummod amod
Donald<-dep compound
get<-xcomp nsubj advcl
price<-xcomp
's<-ccomp nmod:tmod nsubj
liability<-cop compound
find<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
%<-nummod acl:relcl det nmod
lot<-case det nmod compound
have<-dobj csubj mark
Federation<-case det compound
investor<-nmod:poss compound
take<-compound:prt
dissatisfy<-nmod
portfolio<-case nmod:poss nmod
end<-advmod compound:prt nsubj
crash<-det compound
point<-aux ccomp nmod nsubj
close<-amod nmod compound
arrange<-dobj mark
woman<-compound
Circuit<-case det compound
already<-dep
park<-case cc conj det amod
trust<-case det
abortion<-case amod
10029/32<-case
100,000<-dep nmod
show<-aux ccomp nsubj
Olay<-case
financing<-case det amod
productivity<-nmod
300,000<-dep nmod
degree<-case amod
launch<-advmod dobj nsubj
CO.<-appos compound
successor<-case compound det amod
unable<-xcomp cop advmod nsubj
building<-nmod:poss amod
inch<-case nummod
open<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
show<-compound det nmod amod
time<-case cc conj nmod
sale<-case nmod:poss
gear<-aux cop nmod nsubj
snap<-aux compound:prt dobj nsubj
total<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
claim<-xcomp nsubj mark
Lawson<-acl:relcl compound
Kravis<-compound
Skinner<-compound
supporter<-dep det
have<-dep aux nsubj dobj mark
Havana<-cc conj
expand<-dep aux
happy<-cop ccomp
sex<-case
wash<-det compound
become<-xcomp aux nsubj advmod advcl
exemplar<-det nmod
trial<-case det
Center<-acl:relcl compound
drum<-compound:prt dobj mark
complain<-nsubj ccomp mark
software-development<-cc conj
stand<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
unification<-dep det
rub<-dep det
{<-nmod ccomp
Ltd.<-dep compound
7.08<-nmod
device<-case amod
sandinista<-nmod
fund<-cc conj compound
nine<-dep compound
refusal<-case amod
gap<-det compound
mid-August<-case
government<-case nmod:poss amod
begin<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
record<-xcomp nsubj
approval<-dep amod
climb<-cc conj dobj nsubj
factor<-case amod
perform<-cc conj advmod nmod ccomp
cause<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
economy<-case cc conj det
remember<-advmod dobj nsubj
fear<-case nmod
appreciation<-det nmod amod
vacillate<-nmod mark
trigger<-advmod dobj nsubj
argue<-aux ccomp nsubj
become<-ccomp nsubj
service<-det compound
overhaul<-dobj mark
study<-det amod
minority<-dep acl:relcl det nmod
pay<-advmod nmod
look<-advcl compound:prt nsubj
amen<-advmod
debenture<-det
press<-case cc conj amod
growth<-case det nmod amod
segment<-compound
87.25<-dep cc conj
decadence<-case compound amod
school<-dep det
question<-cop det ccomp
glasnost<-case
pin<-dobj mark
blunt<-cc conj dobj nmod mark
revenue<-cc conj nmod:poss
accomplish<-dobj nmod mark
station<-nummod
day<-case nummod det compound
Proposition<-case nummod
obtain<-dobj nsubj
study<-dep det compound
restore<-auxpass nmod
card<-amod
dozen<-case advmod
dummy<-case det compound
rise<-advcl nsubj dobj mark
lifeboat<-case det
damage<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
plug<-dobj nsubj
car<-case det compound
nix<-dep compound
subsidy<-compound
trust<-aux cop advmod acl nsubj
fear<-xcomp nsubj
meet<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
magnitude<-case det nmod
Thursday<-compound
America<-case cop compound
free<-xcomp nsubj dobj mark
invite<-dobj nmod nsubj
course<-case acl:relcl
price<-case acl:relcl det
Congress<-case compound
Bolar<-dep nsubj
seize<-dobj nmod nsubj
good<-det
halt<-cc conj dobj nsubj
remain<-xcomp advmod nmod nsubj
Ford<-case acl:relcl
suit<-nummod nmod compound
total<-case nmod:poss
live<-nsubj
system<-case nmod compound
company<-case dep appos det
Serenade<-det
yesterday<-dep appos
pass<-neg dobj advcl mark
plentiful<-cop
evaluation<-case det nmod amod
control<-case compound
firm<-det nmod
Feb.<-case cc nummod conj amod
figure<-nsubj dobj mark
RJR<-case
sand<-det nmod
take<-xcomp nmod nsubj
type<-nummod det nmod
foundation<-case nmod:poss nmod
lot<-det amod
year<-case dep det
amendment<-amod
look<-appos det
swing<-advmod nmod nsubj
lose<-nsubj dobj nmod advcl
example<-cop det nmod amod
pedal<-advmod nmod mark
purpose<-det amod
come<-advcl nmod:tmod nsubj
rule<-dep compound amod
ad<-nmod:poss
case<-case
building<-dobj
1948<-case
hold<-nsubj cc nmod compound:prt advcl aux conj
glasnost<-case appos
99.35<-case
concept<-det nmod amod
Disney<-compound
income<-nummod nmod:poss amod
right<-cop nsubj
triple-a<-nmod:npmod
apply<-dobj nmod mark
see<-aux advmod neg nsubj
incompetence<-case
restriction<-det compound
size<-case compound
interview<-dobj
offer<-nmod:poss nmod
curtail<-advmod dobj mark
relax<-dobj nmod mark
fix<-nmod nsubj
follow<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
add<-advmod dobj nsubj
diversion<-det
begin<-nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
hold<-case det amod
bet<-dobj nsubj
include<-dep nsubj nmod dobj
sign<-nsubj cc neg dobj aux conj
stop<-case det nmod
concern<-case nmod
president<-det acl
$<-cc dep nummod conj case
equate<-dobj nmod mark
software<-cc conj
overplant<-cop
talk-show<-nmod
end-tail<-dep aux nsubj mark
response<-det nmod amod
vacate<-dep cc nummod conj compound
anticipate<-dobj mark
morsel<-case amod
arrive<-aux nmod nsubj
become<-xcomp advmod nmod nsubj
effort<-dep amod
cause<-case compound amod
Bally<-dep
Dostoevski<-case cc conj
subscriber<-amod
keep<-aux nsubj
buy<-aux dobj compound:prt
open<-cop nsubj cc advmod nmod aux conj
pill<-nmod:poss compound
work<-nsubj compound:prt dobj mark
press<-dobj mark
Subcommittee<-case det nmod
member<-case cc conj
Mead<-advmod
anticipate<-dobj nsubj
pc<-nmod:poss amod
stereo<-compound
penalty<-det amod
reputation<-det nmod
invest<-advmod nmod nsubj
pitch<-advmod dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
see<-aux nsubj mark
economy<-case det nmod compound
rapidly<-advmod advcl
borrower<-amod
competition<-dep
get<-case nmod:tmod dobj
Marxism<-case amod
Taylor<-case compound
Reagan<-case compound amod
road<-cc conj nmod:poss
dictate<-ccomp nsubj
selling<-nmod
number<-nummod nmod:poss
show<-dobj
time<-cop det nmod acl
permit<-parataxis aux dobj nmod nsubj
buy<-aux nsubj mark
produce<-nmod nsubj
see<-ccomp nmod nsubj
share<-dep det amod
consideration<-case
abandon<-aux dobj mark
exploit<-dobj nmod mark
Muslims<-auxpass nsubjpass
count<-aux nmod neg
tea<-case nmod compound
screen<-acl:relcl det amod
use<-cop nmod nsubj
known<-cc conj advmod
firm<-dep det
exempt<-cc conj dobj nsubj
expand<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
revenue<-nmod:poss amod
fall<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
sun<-det nmod amod
accent<-det nmod
newsstand<-case cc conj
use<-xcomp nsubj dobj mark
speed<-case cc conj
sometime<-nmod
convert<-aux nmod dobj
enroll<-nmod mark
security<-case acl:relcl amod
success<-case det compound
swing<-case compound nmod amod
}<-case compound det amod
bureaucrat<-case cc conj
sit<-nmod mark
delay<-aux dobj nmod advmod nsubj
seek<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
program<-dep acl nmod:poss amod
step<-case det nmod amod
record<-case nmod:poss
resolve<-dobj mark
venture<-dep det
walk<-advmod
assure<-dep aux dobj nmod nsubj
stake<-acl:relcl det compound
meeting<-case acl:relcl det
credible<-dep advmod
walk<-discourse nmod dobj
low<-cop nsubj mark
retain<-aux nsubj dobj
note<-case amod det det:predet
Montedison<-acl:relcl
begin<-aux nmod advcl
Salomon<-compound
ratio<-nmod:poss nmod
invite<-cc auxpass conj nmod
antibody<-dep
sight<-case
avenue<-aux cop det nmod nsubj
then<-appos
midmorning<-case
Greenwich<-dep cc
print<-advmod nmod
Igdaloff<-compound
N.C.<-case compound
market<-det nmod compound
unit<-case nmod:poss
push<-cc conj nmod dobj
creation<-case det nmod
people<-case cc nummod conj nmod
divide<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod mark
detector<-case det nmod
suit<-case compound amod
reminiscent<-nmod
unit<-advmod det nmod
groundball<-det
sing<-advmod dobj nsubj
base<-case compound det amod
offer<-acl:relcl det
group<-acl:relcl compound
son<-dep
McKinsey<-cc conj
morning<-nummod
Ward<-case nmod:poss compound
advance<-det nmod
rise<-case cop det
laureate<-det nmod compound
appear<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
continue<-nmod
detect<-aux nsubj dobj mark
integrity<-cc conj det compound
difference<-case cc conj nmod amod
museum<-case det nmod
trader<-case cc conj amod
law<-case nmod amod
regulate<-aux dobj nsubj
bonus<-amod
watch<-det amod
reduce<-advmod dobj
take<-cc cc:preconj nmod compound:prt aux conj
investor<-cc conj acl:relcl det
subordinate<-dep
industrialize<-cop advmod
buyer<-case compound
unit<-case compound amod
Streisand<-compound
prompt<-aux dobj nsubj
propose<-aux nsubj
journal<-det nmod amod
director<-acl:relcl amod
widen<-nsubj nmod mark
save<-dobj iobj mark
impetus<-det
story<-case nmod compound
half<-case advmod det amod
periodical<-amod
hat<-case nmod compound
insurer<-case det
say<-advcl dobj mark
quarter<-cc conj advmod nmod
save<-dobj nmod mark
use<-dobj advmod mark
tax<-det nmod compound
combine<-xcomp nmod nsubj
Nabisco<-case compound
tax-writer<-case amod
turn<-cop nsubj neg advmod nmod nmod:poss
catch<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
improvement<-nmod amod
445.23<-case
Pan<-case
call<-dep nsubj dobj advmod mark
share<-case dep
accident<-amod det compound
Lew<-appos compound
phone<-neg
regard<-aux nmod nsubj
maker<-nmod:poss compound
rate<-case nummod det nmod compound
debt<-cc conj
issue<-xcomp nmod nsubj
six<-case det amod
coverage<-nmod compound
keep<-advcl dobj mark
holder<-cc conj
designate<-aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
even<-case
consider<-aux ccomp nsubj
West<-xcomp
1911<-case cc conj
income<-amod acl compound
few<-det nmod
say<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
sell<-dobj nmod advmod mark
permit<-case acl:relcl
prosecutor<-det compound
Teller<-cc conj
audience<-case nmod:poss
beg<-nmod
redesign<-ccomp mark
reach<-advmod dobj nsubj
open<-aux dobj
court<-case amod compound
Femina<-compound
gain<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
lambskin<-case det compound
look<-dobj mark
Service<-nmod compound
e-mail<-case
Shilling<-compound
government<-case nmod
area<-nummod amod
organization<-case det amod
board<-appos compound
fear<-nsubj ccomp mark
gather<-dobj mark
ticket<-det
retailing<-case cc conj
guilder<-nummod compound
greater<-cop nmod
1986<-cc conj
order<-dobj mark
freon<-case acl:relcl det compound
performance<-case det nmod
dispensation<-acl:relcl det amod
continue<-aux nsubj nmod advmod mark
contribute<-xcomp neg
Petersen<-cc conj compound
benefit<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
resistance<-case det
decade<-case advmod det
serve<-aux advmod nmod neg nsubj
rate<-cc conj det nmod amod
rate<-nmod:poss compound
journalist<-cc case conj dep
mundane<-advmod
thoughtless<-cc conj
purchase<-nmod
operation<-dep compound amod
difficult<-xcomp advmod nsubj
responsive<-cop
drop<-nmod nsubj
equity<-cc conj
flight<-case det nmod amod
pressure<-case cc conj amod
experience<-nmod:poss nmod
upset<-dep auxpass nmod
unrestrained<-advmod
troublesome<-cop nsubj mark
prompt<-xcomp aux dobj nsubj
farmer<-case nmod
foot<-case nummod det nmod amod
leave<-xcomp cop nsubj
concept<-acl:relcl det
sugar<-nmod amod
art<-nmod:poss
agency<-cc conj compound
loss<-case nmod
collapse<-case nmod compound
furious<-cop nsubj nmod mark
Francisco<-case cop cc advmod compound conj
plan<-case compound amod
stop<-mark dobj nsubj
supervise<-ccomp mark
exclusion<-det amod
%<-dep advmod nmod compound
fund<-dep det ccomp
last<-dep dobj
certify<-mark
(<-cc conj nmod compound
bring<-advcl iobj dobj
Avenue<-cc conj compound
dioxide<-case appos compound
feel<-xcomp nmod nsubj
available<-xcomp nsubj
room<-case acl:relcl det amod
12.875<-dep
thrash<-auxpass nmod compound:prt
cloak<-nmod dobj
do<-cc conj advcl dobj compound:prt
senator<-acl:relcl det nmod compound
doubt<-cc dobj nsubj
appreciate<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
talk<-case compound
account<-case appos det compound
move<-det det:predet
Motors<-cc conj compound
reflect<-dobj ccomp nsubj
complete<-nmod nsubj
level<-cop nsubj det nmod amod aux
acceptable<-cop
compare<-nmod dobj
jump<-compound amod
)<-dep advmod amod
sign<-acl:relcl det amod
patient<-det amod
go<-xcomp neg
boomer<-compound
invite<-dep compound
assumption<-case compound det amod
industry<-case compound amod
attract<-ccomp nsubj
do<-aux nsubj ccomp dobj
set<-auxpass advmod dobj mark
rent<-case
merger<-case
Moon<-case det
introduction<-nmod compound
Guber<-cc conj advmod compound
Orson<-compound
head<-dobj nmod nsubj
TVA<-case det
boring<-cop
converter<-case nummod det amod
go<-xcomp nmod mark
outlook<-compound det amod
jump<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
Co.<-compound advmod amod
today<-acl:relcl
transfusion<-dep det
pact<-case appos nmod:poss amod
annex<-case det nmod amod
Commission<-case acl:relcl det compound
toxin<-det nmod
estimate<-case dep det
effort<-case compound amod
approach<-det nmod amod
believe<-aux nsubj advcl ccomp mark
unnamed<-dep advmod amod
break<-nsubj nmod advmod advcl
make<-iobj dobj
way<-appos det amod
witness<-dep
Aikman<-compound
election<-case nmod amod
job<-cc nummod compound conj amod
addition<-det nmod
500<-dep nmod
breathe<-nsubj advmod mark
head<-case det nmod
engage<-advcl dobj compound:prt
unfairly<-case
man<-cc conj compound amod
coverage<-det det:predet
way<-dep det amod
stop<-nsubj ccomp advmod mark
health<-case nmod:poss amod
campaign<-case nmod:poss amod
find<-xcomp cc conj nsubj mark
desk<-amod
small<-cop
coverage<-det nmod
buy-out<-amod
extend<-dobj mark
Postels<-case det
wheellike<-amod
bug<-det compound
house<-case amod
future<-det compound
compensation<-cc conj
age<-case compound
campaign<-acl det amod
benefit<-det nmod amod
513/4<-dep nmod compound
ease<-dobj
file<-case
draw<-dobj nmod mark
stage<-case cop advmod acl amod nmod:poss
talk<-acl det amod
stand<-aux nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
history<-case det nmod
supply<-case
switch<-nmod mark
Russians<-case det
restriction<-nmod:poss
develop<-dobj advmod mark
oust<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
time<-det nmod
price<-cc conj amod
resume<-aux advmod nmod:tmod nsubj
available<-dep cop dobj nmod nsubj
once<-nmod:npmod nmod
highway<-case
publication<-case advmod det acl:relcl
Trust<-case compound
those<-aux cop nsubj nmod mark
position<-compound det det:predet
stage<-det nmod amod
force<-compound
effectively<-nmod:npmod
fall<-dep amod
Turkey<-nmod
friend<-case compound det nmod amod
Bridge<-compound det amod
problem<-cop amod det nsubj
see<-dobj advmod nsubj
fraud<-compound
become<-xcomp nsubj advmod mark
target<-xcomp dobj nmod nsubj
cook<-xcomp aux cop advmod nsubj
independent-minded<-advmod
se<-compound
veto<-advcl dobj mark
Dentsu<-acl:relcl
consensus<-det nmod
team<-nmod
teenager<-cc conj
sector<-case compound
say<-cc nsubj ccomp advcl
Weinberger<-case compound
25<-nmod:npmod
credit<-det compound
build<-cc conj dobj nsubj
plot<-dep cop neg
compress<-xcomp cop nsubj
issue<-acl:relcl det nmod
husband<-dep cc conj ccomp
order<-xcomp dobj
one<-acl:relcl det
express<-dep dobj nsubj
attempt<-case det
add<-advmod nmod dobj
call<-cc conj compound amod
surge<-ccomp nmod nsubj
cancer<-case amod
attempt<-det
problem<-nmod nsubj
cool<-dep nmod dobj
push<-advcl aux dobj nmod compound:prt
counsel<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
compare<-auxpass advmod nmod
represent<-nsubj dobj ccomp
appear<-xcomp advmod nsubj
whites<-nummod
acquit<-dobj
cost<-dep dobj nsubj
amusing<-cc cop conj
lockup<-det nmod
kind<-case
weasle<-case
approval<-case nmod
grow<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
link<-cop nmod
use<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
Kong<-case compound amod
display<-case det nmod amod
man<-case det nmod
cost<-advcl nsubj
list<-advcl dobj nsubj
arpeggio<-neg
Sam<-appos
apart<-dep cc advmod
be<-dep advmod nsubj
form<-advmod
happen<-aux advmod nmod mark
obscurity<-case
create<-advcl dobj mark
life<-case nmod:poss
Poland<-dep
visit<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
Oklahoma<-case appos
datum<-nmod amod
hold<-case nmod
Council<-case nummod det compound
announce<-aux nsubj nmod mark
newswire<-case det compound
estate<-case nmod:poss amod
pricing<-acl:relcl det amod
await<-advmod dobj nsubj
Strieber<-compound
act<-det nmod
long<-advmod nmod
agreement<-case compound det amod
subsidize<-aux dobj neg nsubj
peril<-det nmod
contribution<-case nmod:poss amod
chairman<-case nummod det amod
court<-case compound
contract<-cop advmod acl amod
township<-case det nmod amod
take<-nmod:tmod dobj
1,000<-dep compound
violence<-case amod
return<-case det nmod amod
Department<-case det nmod compound
Asilone<-cc conj
persuade<-advmod dobj mark
five<-case dep nmod compound
debate<-case det
spend<-advcl dobj nsubj
ask<-xcomp neg dobj
discuss<-nmod advcl
tell<-xcomp neg advmod nsubj
push<-advmod
position<-cop advmod det amod
sell<-cc aux dobj neg nsubj
understand<-nsubj cc neg advmod ccomp aux conj
people<-appos acl
developer<-case acl:relcl
attrition<-case
replace<-aux advmod mark
debt<-case compound amod
case<-nmod nsubj
chemical<-cc conj
locale<-case amod
Italy<-case cop advmod xcomp nsubj
top<-case det
target<-compound nmod amod
profit<-case nmod
buy<-nmod
clean<-dobj compound:prt
the<-compound
invest<-nmod
Bank<-nmod acl
debasement<-det
error<-cc conj nmod:poss
meeting<-case nmod:poss amod
do<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
provide<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
pipeline<-det
five<-cc conj
material<-case amod compound
dune<-det compound
information<-case compound
young<-cop advmod neg nsubj
admit<-xcomp nsubj mark
reflect<-dobj mark
problem<-cop det nmod
negotiation<-case amod
lie<-ccomp nmod nsubj
spend<-advcl dobj
task<-case acl det amod
Redford<-compound
region<-case det nmod
support<-nmod dobj
cut<-case compound
bear<-dobj nmod nsubj
desk<-case advmod det
reflect<-cc conj dobj nsubj
price<-cc conj
Connecticut<-cc conj
expansion<-case amod
draw<-advmod dobj nmod mark
screen<-case acl:relcl det
offend<-dobj mark
buy<-cc conj dobj nsubj
matter<-amod
2638.73<-case
change<-case nmod
creep<-auxpass ccomp compound:prt
cigarette<-cop compound nmod:poss mark
Nov.<-cc nummod conj
more<-dep det
girl<-dep det
basis<-nummod amod
specialize<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
result<-dep amod
they<-nmod
false<-cc conj
pay<-nsubj ccomp mark
close<-dobj nsubj
chauvinism<-case det nmod amod
sag<-nmod:poss nmod compound
recital<-det
help<-dep compound amod
Lloyd<-case det
require<-dobj
average<-nummod nmod
great<-dep amod
remark<-dep amod
appropriateness<-det nmod
attempt<-aux advcl
sale<-acl:relcl nmod
legislator<-case amod
career<-det nmod
appointment<-compound
lower<-advcl dobj nsubj
fee<-case compound det amod
riot<-case cc conj
aristocracy<-case
criticism<-case amod
minister<-case amod det compound
palazzo<-compound
yank<-advmod ccomp nsubj
oil<-amod
stock<-nmod nsubj
bishop<-nmod amod
Corp.<-dep appos compound
struggle<-acl amod
faith<-case cc det nmod amod conj
matter<-cop det acl
devise<-dobj mark
union<-nmod:poss
structure<-case det amod
candidate<-appos det amod
implication<-cc conj det nmod
thing<-det ccomp
character<-dep cop neg
readily<-advmod
year<-case acl:relcl det
lot<-case nmod
721/4<-dep compound
argue<-nsubj ccomp
become<-xcomp advcl mark
consult<-dobj
twist<-case nmod:poss nmod
January<-case nmod
clean<-compound:prt nmod mark
set<-case cc conj compound amod
complaint<-case nummod
receive<-xcomp aux conj cc nmod
adult<-nmod
cancel<-auxpass nmod
attorney<-compound det nmod amod
ridicule<-dep nmod nsubj
firm<-advmod det amod
third<-advmod det nmod
number<-nummod
100<-case cc conj
demand<-cop dep advcl nmod expl aux
feature<-case det amod
indicate<-ccomp nmod:tmod nsubj
philosophy<-case det amod
proposal<-cop acl:relcl compound
egg<-acl:relcl det compound
mail<-case amod
have<-aux nsubj ccomp neg mark
roadway<-nmod:poss amod
charge<-case cop nmod nsubj
exceed<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
grow<-xcomp aux nsubj nmod mark
sell<-aux neg nsubj
administration<-dep det compound
pool<-cop nmod nsubj
unchanged<-xcomp cop nmod nsubj
policy<-acl:relcl amod
over<-cop nsubj
part<-cc cop conj nmod
save<-xcomp aux compound:prt
bow<-xcomp advmod nsubj
$<-case dep nummod advmod appos
level<-compound acl amod
problem<-cop det
constant<-advcl nsubj dobj mark
dedicate<-nmod
Foundation<-det compound
Committee<-case dep det compound
mechanic<-case cc conj compound
debenture<-case
port<-case nmod:poss
let<-nsubj dobj mark
designate<-compound amod
raider<-det amod
screen<-dobj advmod mark
galvanized<-cc conj
two<-nummod
Museum<-case det compound
commercial<-appos det nmod
speaker<-dep det
trade<-advmod nmod compound:prt
grow<-xcomp aux
%<-cc nummod det conj amod
mark<-nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
return<-advcl aux dobj nmod nsubj
sporadic<-cc cop conj advmod nsubj
price<-cop acl amod
relationship<-det nmod compound
sell<-aux advmod neg nmod nsubj
approach<-aux nmod cop
sell<-compound:prt dobj mark
error<-case nmod
mutt<-nummod appos amod
kind<-case acl:relcl det nmod
try<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
job<-cop det amod
guerrilla<-cop acl:relcl det amod
big<-nmod:npmod
nature<-det nmod amod
conform<-nmod mark
lower<-cop nmod mark
rating<-compound nmod amod
fail<-xcomp csubj mark
law<-dep det
scene<-nmod amod
sit<-ccomp
short<-cop nsubj nmod advmod advcl
architecture<-case amod
petition<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
right-winger<-cc conj det amod
duty<-amod
expand<-xcomp nmod nsubj
jump<-dep dobj nmod:tmod mark
traveler<-case acl:relcl
think<-aux dobj neg nsubj
Irises<-nmod:poss nmod
crash<-det amod
move<-advmod nmod nsubj
stuff<-det amod
sell<-advmod mark
know<-discourse dobj nsubj
haul<-xcomp mark
contract<-dep det amod
Goupil<-compound
buy<-aux dobj nmod neg nsubj
rendition<-det nmod
structure<-case det nmod compound
job<-case det amod
explain<-nmod nsubj
throw<-dep compound:prt dobj nsubj
rate<-case advmod det nmod amod
leak<-det amod
establish<-advmod dobj nsubj
scale<-case det nmod
problem<-neg acl:relcl nmod
emission<-case compound
Greenberg<-compound
apt<-xcomp cop neg nsubj
time<-dep neg nummod
one<-cc amod
eruption<-case det nmod
print<-case
correct<-nsubj advmod mark
see<-aux nsubj ccomp mark
place<-cop acl:relcl det amod
graph<-det nmod
re-evaluate<-cc conj advmod mark
tell<-dobj ccomp mark
loss<-case nmod:poss
partner<-nmod amod
plant<-dobj mark
hero<-cop nmod nsubj
leader<-cop compound acl:relcl nsubj
push<-nmod dobj
circumstance<-det
attempt<-case acl det amod
quote<-compound
car<-nummod
make<-xcomp nsubj dobj advcl
%<-nummod advmod appos
delay<-aux dobj nsubj
fall<-dep det compound
stay<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
position<-case compound
last<-dobj nsubj
Bates<-compound
play<-aux nsubj nmod dobj
necktie<-det nmod compound
action<-case nmod amod
Simmons<-case compound
company<-case nummod det amod
seek<-xcomp aux dep nsubj mark
horsepower<-acl:relcl det
manager<-case nmod amod
tumor<-case det amod
concern<-dep nummod
comment<-case nmod:poss
aide<-case det nmod
offering<-case nmod:poss compound
work<-aux nsubj neg mark
ramification<-dep det
adult<-case nummod det
incur<-auxpass advmod nmod
shirt<-cc conj advmod nsubj
interview<-nmod compound
work<-cop acl nmod mark
building<-nummod nmod
go<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
Honecker<-case cc conj compound
spokesman<-det nmod
post<-dobj nmod mark
division<-amod
tension<-amod
MCI<-case
95<-advmod
supply<-case cc conj
get<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
Iowa<-case appos det compound
Queenan<-appos compound
deal<-case det nmod amod
arrangement<-det amod
succeed<-nsubj advmod mark
year<-case cop advmod det
support<-ccomp
Hugo<-case cc conj compound
conversation<-case det
past<-dep
leave<-ccomp nsubj
table<-case compound det nmod amod
blow<-nmod mark
asset<-case dep det amod
characterization<-nmod nsubj
again<-nmod
Illustrated<-cc conj compound
run<-auxpass advcl nmod mark
price<-cop acl
Streets<-case cc conj nmod:poss compound
mark-up<-case det amod
balloonist<-case
member<-cop nsubj neg det nmod mark
daily<-nummod nmod compound
mayor<-det
election<-case det acl
intensify<-aux advcl
mural<-det
fly-fishing<-nmod
lean<-cc conj advmod
2683.20<-case
hand<-case det
alert<-advcl dobj mark
bundle<-cc conj nmod compound
three<-case advmod nmod
sale<-nmod:poss acl
Selassie<-nmod compound
Paper<-cc conj compound
jazz<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
introduce<-aux advmod nsubj
undemocratic<-cop ccomp nsubj
Shimbun<-appos compound
investment<-cop nsubj compound det amod advcl aux
expand<-dobj nmod mark
drag<-amod
Geraldo<-cc conj
bidder<-det amod
2<-dep
violent<-cc conj
drive<-dobj nsubj
justified<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
reflective<-cc conj
Exchequer<-case appos det
employee<-det compound
15,000<-case
Service<-appos det compound
crude<-det compound
surge<-nmod:poss
show<-advmod dobj nsubj
market<-acl det compound
be<-nsubj expl advmod mark
company<-compound det nmod amod
tout<-dobj mark
pay<-acl
specialist<-compound
occupant<-det
writer<-case
bond<-compound det nmod amod
ruling<-det compound
S&P<-nummod det
arrest<-case det nmod
trouble<-cop det acl
need<-det compound
further<-advcl
test<-case cc conj amod compound
profit<-dep
star<-nmod
Rubens<-det
project<-acl amod
pregnant<-cop nsubj dep advmod mark cc conj
food<-cc conj amod
bring<-advmod nmod nsubj
activate<-dep advmod dobj
cent<-case dep nummod amod
expand<-advmod mark
concern<-case cc conj nmod
able<-xcomp aux cop
prepare<-nmod
Delicious<-det amod
injury<-case
work<-compound det det:predet
close<-case dep det nmod
libertarian<-cop amod neg
component<-case cc conj det nmod
arbitrage<-case amod
indicate<-aux dobj nsubj
Indianapolis<-case
partnership<-case det nmod
march<-nmod nsubj
weather<-det
Campaneris<-compound
transaction<-case det acl
clothier<-dep advmod amod
7.92<-advmod
day<-case nummod det
step<-case compound amod
Treasury<-amod
pose<-case det compound
Food<-cc conj det
consume<-xcomp nsubj
recommend<-advmod ccomp nsubj
unit<-det acl
prevent<-cc conj nmod
bid<-cc nmod mark auxpass nsubjpass aux conj
ton<-cop advmod acl:relcl nmod
building<-case cc conj amod
group<-case amod nmod compound
splitting<-compound
management<-det
line<-case cop nsubj advmod det nmod amod
rights<-det
bid<-parataxis dobj nmod nsubj
obfuscation<-cc conj acl:relcl det nmod
Antar<-compound
bind<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass
publish<-cc conj nmod
entitle<-nsubj dobj mark
2,000<-cc cop conj advmod compound
essential<-advmod nmod
foster<-dobj
link<-nmod:poss
sell<-nmod compound
Moscow<-cc conj
receive<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
degree<-acl:relcl det
crouch<-cc conj nmod
fail<-xcomp mark
leap<-nmod
10<-nmod:npmod
hold<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
creditor<-case amod
money<-advcl
bust<-compound
warning<-det
determine<-xcomp aux
account<-appos
emotionalism<-cop compound nmod nsubj
list<-case nmod amod
management<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss amod
scramble<-xcomp nsubj mark
ovulation<-nmod
semiconductor<-cc conj
Parliament<-case nmod
dignity<-case det
drop<-amod det compound
have<-cc expl ccomp advmod mark
think<-aux nsubj mark
attach<-advmod nmod
anathema<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
measurement<-amod
Delicious<-case appos det compound
focus<-amod
profit<-amod nmod compound
bias<-nmod:poss
freezing<-nmod amod
sandinista<-det acl
tell<-dep dobj mark
merger<-case acl:relcl det
member<-cop nmod nsubj
continue<-advmod nmod nsubj
5<-dep nmod
adjust<-aux dobj nsubj
three<-nmod:npmod nmod
lender<-case appos nmod:poss amod
deposit<-case cc conj compound
flaunt<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
EMS<-case det
hire<-auxpass nmod
side<-xcomp nsubj
ceiling<-case det nmod
tool<-case amod
overwhelm<-nmod ccomp
double<-nmod
give<-parataxis dobj iobj nsubj
ability<-acl amod
trial<-det
Latham<-nmod:poss compound
bid<-dep det
struggle<-case det compound
progress<-aux nsubj nmod advcl
strategy<-nmod:poss
get<-aux advmod dobj advcl nsubj
inflation<-case compound
control<-det amod
HUD<-case cc conj det
speak<-aux nsubj compound:prt advmod mark
call<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
rise<-case
Good<-compound
omission<-det nmod
envy<-case
120<-case advmod nmod
proof-of-purchase<-nummod
culture<-case compound det amod
memory<-acl:relcl det nmod
cite<-nmod dobj
stand<-advmod dobj nsubj
use<-aux nsubj dobj mark
Carlos<-case cc nmod compound conj nmod:poss
15<-acl:relcl
regulation<-nmod
sense<-nmod:poss
bitterest<-det nmod
analyst<-dep compound det amod
any<-case
export<-dep compound
concern<-cop nsubj mark
unit<-dep det compound
move<-xcomp nsubj
premium<-compound det nmod amod
be<-nsubj nmod:tmod expl
Playback<-det amod
opponent<-compound
option<-case compound nmod amod
income<-cc conj
sell<-neg compound:prt dobj mark
convince<-aux ccomp
narrator<-det
let<-advmod dobj nsubj
150<-advmod
month<-case advmod det
command<-dep amod
Gulick<-case nmod compound
house<-det nmod amod
egg<-case nmod amod
find<-dep mark dobj nsubj
column<-det compound
19.72<-case dep advmod
invite<-dobj
terminal<-det compound
litigation<-case appos
close<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
contain<-aux dobj neg
way<-case appos det
tro<-compound
industry<-amod
Budapest<-case
quote<-cop nmod nsubj
judge<-case appos det nmod compound
offer<-case nmod:poss
importance<-cc conj det nmod
approval<-nmod:poss
Schimmel<-compound
spot<-case acl:relcl det
higher<-nmod:npmod cop advmod cc
Ranger<-compound det amod
ask<-xcomp aux nsubj dobj mark
transition<-det
headquarters<-det amod
)<-cop advmod nsubj
novel<-det
go<-cc conj dobj advmod mark
company<-case cop det amod
clout<-dep amod
case<-cop det nmod amod
sector<-det
stroke<-case det
year<-dep advmod
IBM<-case amod
loan<-case nmod
force<-aux advmod advcl nsubj
damage<-neg nmod amod
volume<-det ccomp
tribunal<-case det nmod amod
hold<-case compound nmod amod
structure<-compound
do<-aux dobj nmod:tmod advmod nsubj
sell<-aux nmod mark
subsidy<-nmod compound
buy<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
compare<-aux nmod nsubj
ready<-xcomp cop nsubj mark
open<-nsubj nmod mark
provide<-aux dobj
gene<-case compound amod det mark
accrue<-nmod nsubj
gain<-advcl dobj nsubj
goal<-dep det
{<-acl:relcl compound
firm<-amod compound
Gargan<-appos compound
income<-case det amod
better<-cop nsubj dep ccomp advcl aux
news<-case det
come<-advcl advmod nmod:tmod nsubj
Sainte-Chapelle<-case det nmod
1,030<-case dep
time<-case cc conj acl:relcl det
prevent<-advcl dobj mark
growth<-case det nmod
grave<-case nmod:poss
gain<-case nmod amod
million-share<-compound
profit<-aux advmod neg nmod nsubj
courtroom<-det
own<-dobj nmod mark
personal<-cc conj advmod
motive<-case det nmod
Perkins<-appos compound
trend<-amod compound
bus<-case
lie<-advmod nmod
trading<-acl amod
Laos<-case acl:relcl
Cortese<-appos compound
contract<-case nummod det compound
chairman<-cc conj nmod:poss
poise<-xcomp cop advmod
nominate<-aux auxpass csubjpass nmod mark
excavator<-det nmod amod
employee<-det
drag<-nsubj nmod mark
reduction<-cc conj det nmod amod
prediction<-case nmod:poss
wait<-ccomp
street<-acl amod
lay<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
Series<-compound acl amod
secretary<-det nmod amod
invitation<-det
Richmond<-case
teacher<-case
itself<-acl
increase<-dobj nsubj
equity<-det
professor<-cc conj nmod compound
dog<-dep compound
nation<-nummod nmod amod
assertion<-nmod:poss nmod
move<-cop dep neg advmod amod compound
panjandrum<-case det nmod amod
mock<-parataxis nsubj advmod dobj advcl aux
offset<-dep ccomp
holiday<-case cop nsubj cc advmod det compound conj
tear<-nsubj cc nmod compound:prt conj dobj
seat<-case nmod:poss
choose<-advcl dobj mark
prepare<-ccomp
KKR<-cc conj
see<-nsubj ccomp mark
circulate<-nmod
theft<-case det
aid<-case amod compound
cell<-det nmod amod
competition<-nmod compound
1.6145<-case dep nmod:tmod
add<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
Judges<-case nmod compound
glide<-aux compound:prt dobj nsubj
hat<-nmod nsubj
surprising<-cc conj advmod
U.S.<-case dep det
create<-nmod dobj
refiner<-det
solve<-xcomp mark
overcome<-dobj mark
back<-advcl
register<-dobj nmod nsubj
volume<-dep compound amod
blowtorch<-case det
flame<-case
offset<-auxpass advmod nmod
favor<-det nmod
abandon<-neg ccomp mark
revolution<-det compound
Amfac<-det
play<-aux dobj neg nsubj
income<-case det
price<-acl nmod amod
say<-aux dobj neg nsubj
pare<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
halt<-case det compound
organize<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
church<-case det compound
justify<-xcomp nsubj advmod mark
2007<-case
%<-case nummod det nmod amod
regulation<-cc conj compound nmod:poss amod
consume<-aux dobj nsubj
avoid<-nmod dobj
deal<-appos det compound
buy-out<-det nmod amod
draft<-det nmod amod
grow<-dobj nsubj
depict<-aux ccomp nsubj
scruff<-case det nmod
day<-case dep det amod
Met<-case det
find<-compound:prt ccomp mark
one-third<-nmod
humor<-case det
do<-cc conj dobj nsubj
smoke<-nmod nsubj
seem<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
money<-dep
denomination<-case nmod amod
Denny<-case
look<-cop nmod neg
suppose<-xcomp auxpass
agreement<-det nmod compound
review<-aux dobj
full<-cop nsubj nmod mark
president<-compound det amod
share<-det nmod ccomp
FADA<-case
be<-nsubj advmod ccomp
being<-nmod amod
issue<-aux nsubj ccomp mark
combination<-case det
own<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
rise<-case cc nmod amod compound conj
one<-case det nmod
Hump<-case det
suit<-case nmod:poss
6.9<-advmod
}<-xcomp nsubj mark
come<-advcl advmod dobj
absorb<-nsubj cc advmod dobj conj mark
get<-cc conj dobj compound:prt mark
ranch<-det
discovery<-case
count<-case det nmod amod
guile<-det
chunk<-det nmod amod
hold<-case
uncertainty<-dep det
Kessler<-appos compound
name<-case dep det compound
end<-compound det acl nmod amod
watch<-advmod
Atlantic<-case cc conj compound
administration<-case cop nsubj dep det xcomp compound aux
plant<-nmod
support<-det amod
produce<-mark
singer<-case dep det compound
profit<-case amod
mission<-dep
invest<-aux advmod dobj
coward<-cop det amod
major<-compound det nmod amod
level<-compound amod
Time<-dep
U.S<-det
soar<-nsubj ccomp nmod mark
Data<-compound amod
confidential<-dep cop nsubj advmod mark
chop<-compound:prt dobj nmod mark
happen<-aux advmod nsubj neg mark
bag<-nummod compound
think<-xcomp advmod nsubj
Europe<-case cc conj
outlook<-det amod
Bedford<-dep
pressure<-nmod mark
need<-cop nsubj cc advmod dep conj
platform<-case cop nsubj cc det mark compound conj ccomp
go<-aux dobj compound:prt nmod nsubj
Museum<-case acl det compound
begin<-advcl nsubj
fundamental<-det
Warner<-compound amod
jury<-case det
shareholder<-case cc conj
buck<-det amod
investigate<-dobj nsubj
vote<-case appos nmod:poss compound
letter<-case amod
retirement<-amod
tax<-nsubj dobj mark
Parliament<-case
cruise<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod compound:prt
much<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
one<-cop nmod ccomp
up<-advcl
enthusiast<-det compound
figure<-ccomp nmod mark
base<-cop nmod nsubj
provision<-det nmod
headquarters<-case cc conj
EMS<-det
firm<-cop nsubj det nmod amod compound
float<-dobj nmod mark
Midler<-case acl:relcl compound
operation<-det nmod compound
surge<-det nmod compound
airline<-case nmod:poss
brand<-case det amod
adviser<-case dep compound
quit<-nsubj nmod mark
lift<-dobj advmod mark
order<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
head<-dep nmod mark
number<-nmod compound
yield<-dep dobj advmod mark
payment<-case compound amod
rescind<-dep
location<-case det
Toyota<-cc conj
japanese<-cc conj det
hurt<-auxpass advmod nmod
keep<-dep nmod nsubj
peg<-nsubj
Espectador<-case det compound
middle<-appos advmod det amod
rhetoric<-amod
press<-cop nmod
mode<-case det nmod
judiciary<-det amod
Wall<-case compound
sniff<-dep nmod:poss compound
city<-case acl:relcl det
goods<-case nmod amod
issuer<-cop compound amod det mark
meet<-nsubj dobj nmod advcl
knowledge<-case det acl
rise<-aux nsubj dobj mark
publish<-cc conj
get<-dobj compound:prt nsubj
Gauloises<-case
chant<-case compound
colonel<-det compound
corporation<-case det
tonal<-advmod
sound<-amod
Microsoft<-acl:relcl
block<-aux nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
set<-nummod nmod
come<-dep advmod nmod nsubj
family<-case cc conj
pauper<-case det
have<-aux neg nsubj
quarter<-det nmod amod
recovery<-det nmod
grow<-aux nsubj nmod advcl
time<-det nmod amod
turn<-cop nmod
Washington<-case nmod
55,000<-case
toss<-compound:prt nmod dobj
take<-aux
church<-cc conj
brain<-case det
1.18<-dep
anger<-det nmod
raise<-advmod iobj dobj nmod nsubj
Weinberg<-case cc conj
yield<-nmod compound
treat<-dobj mark
Lockerbie<-case
neighborhood<-det amod
pay<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
King<-cc conj nmod:poss compound
home<-case det compound
book<-case dep advmod det
position<-dep nmod:poss
propose<-xcomp aux nsubj
idea<-cop nmod:poss amod
test<-case dep det amod
Sajak<-case compound
say<-dep parataxis conj cc dobj
adjust<-aux dobj nmod neg nsubj
enclose<-auxpass nmod
project<-det nmod amod
file<-aux ccomp nmod:tmod nsubj
post<-dobj nmod nsubj
efficient<-nmod:npmod cop advmod neg
order<-dep compound acl nmod amod
lure<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
business<-case cc conj det compound
Trumps<-case cc conj det
truck<-cc conj det nmod compound
in<-dep cop advmod nsubj
select<-dobj nmod mark
continue<-cc aux conj nmod nsubj
computer<-case nummod nmod amod
tape<-xcomp
file<-parataxis dobj nmod nsubj
mainframe<-case det
student<-case det
excess<-case nmod
1.27<-dep
come<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
persuade<-xcomp nsubj cc dobj dep conj
we<-nsubj
have<-nsubj advcl dobj mark
public<-case cc conj det
friend<-case
difficult<-xcomp nsubj
trust<-acl:relcl det amod
want<-mark
clear<-cop advmod ccomp neg nsubj
Gonzalez<-dep acl:relcl compound
player<-cop det mark
choose<-dobj mark
process<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
cashier<-case cc conj det
silver<-dep compound
rack<-nsubj dep nmod compound:prt aux dobj
screen<-case det nmod
take<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
atmosphere<-nmod:poss
fare<-cop advmod det nmod amod
sale<-case det nmod amod
defend<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
population<-nmod:poss
put<-advmod nmod nsubj
come<-nmod:tmod
meeting<-case nmod:poss compound
prude<-det amod
have<-aux nmod:tmod
sell<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
larger<-nmod:npmod cop nmod nsubj
well<-case det nmod
emotion<-det amod
suggest<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
appear<-aux advcl nmod neg nsubj
rise<-nmod:poss
belt<-compound nsubj
amend<-advmod dobj
see<-advmod dobj
survive<-cc conj dobj nsubj
defend<-dobj
Lawson<-cc conj compound
happen<-case
bury<-ccomp
type<-acl:relcl det nmod
reluctant<-xcomp
prospects<-case det acl
Conradies<-case appos
detach<-nmod
start<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
earn<-advmod nmod nsubj
week<-compound det amod
earnings<-acl:relcl amod
GDR<-det
software<-nummod det compound
Base<-case appos compound
principle<-det
do<-neg nsubj mark
involve<-ccomp
grow<-nsubj nmod:tmod nmod dobj aux mark
culture<-case det amod
line<-xcomp nsubj
asset<-case cc conj nmod:poss
entrance<-case
next<-nmod:npmod cop dep nmod
resilience<-det amod
record<-cc conj
rye<-case cc conj
Peters<-dep compound
day<-case nummod appos
institution<-cc conj amod
weakness<-det nmod
right<-nummod nmod
Achenbaum<-case compound
997/8<-dep compound
Bargen<-dep compound
Christmas<-case
million<-advmod nmod compound
emerge<-ccomp nsubj
proponent<-case nmod
batch<-det nmod
day<-case cc conj
found<-dobj nsubj
background<-amod
victory<-det
drink<-mark
market<-cop nsubj det amod mark
casting<-acl:relcl compound
Nekoosa<-compound
leverage<-amod
insight<-det nmod amod
create<-nsubj nmod dobj advcl aux mark
pay<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
result<-det nmod compound
will<-case det nmod
Bush<-cc conj
spot<-case nmod:poss compound
swallow<-dobj
lender<-cc conj
student<-amod
cushion<-cc conj det nmod amod
budget<-det nmod
give<-nmod compound:prt
shorter<-cop
maker<-case det amod
acting<-advmod ccomp
issue<-cop nsubj dep nmod cc compound conj
Vidunas<-case compound
add<-aux nmod nsubj
instrument<-det
these<-cc conj
image<-det nmod compound
button<-case det
buy-out<-det nmod compound
people<-case nummod det nmod
scrap<-amod
agency<-case cc det nmod amod conj
agency<-acl:relcl nmod
department<-cc nummod conj
horse<-det amod
First<-dep nmod compound
Moscow<-case nmod
homeland<-case det amod
20.56<-case dep
Emhart<-case
manager<-cc cop conj
video<-case acl:relcl amod
fear<-case acl
400<-case
move<-cop acl nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
belt<-case det
step<-cop advmod nmod compound
fund<-xcomp nsubj
erratum<-det
now<-dep parataxis
save<-compound:prt dobj mark
take<-dep aux advcl dobj
India<-acl:relcl
far<-cop advmod nmod
Westmoreland<-case
contribution<-nmod:poss amod
ship<-case det
Rothschilds<-case det
climb<-nmod amod
broadcast<-nmod
right<-dep
mr.clean<-ccomp
start<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
remove<-advmod dobj mark
underwrite<-mark
Ohls<-case appos compound
one<-cop nsubj nmod mark
Douglas<-cc conj compound
neck<-case cc conj nmod:poss
firm<-nmod compound
seat<-nmod
biographer/critic<-det
cent<-det
vain<-case
65<-advmod
way<-dep neg
harmony<-cop amod nmod nsubj
chain<-cc conj det compound
post<-dep det compound
sale<-dep compound amod
California<-case amod
company<-neg det
roll<-nsubj cc nmod compound:prt aux conj
lose<-cop nsubj
slime<-case amod
racehorse<-det nmod
mine<-case
catch<-aux compound:prt neg
ask<-advmod dobj
eat<-cc aux conj dobj mark
rise<-dep nsubj
invite<-dobj nmod advmod nsubj
test<-aux dobj nsubj
do<-aux advcl neg nsubj
restrict<-advcl dobj mark
earnings<-case nummod compound
fund<-cc conj det compound
money<-cc conj advmod
move<-dep det compound
fight<-advmod nmod dobj
atoll<-case advmod nmod amod
time<-cop nummod
ought<-cc xcomp nsubj
put<-ccomp
dispute<-compound amod
order<-case det amod
serve<-dobj nmod nsubj
report<-cc conj dobj nsubj
resell<-dobj advmod mark
screen<-case det nmod compound
cause<-xcomp aux dobj nsubj
neighbor<-case
set<-xcomp compound:prt
inventory<-dep cc
form<-nmod
essence<-det nmod
Kuwait<-cc conj
producer<-case det compound
clear<-nmod
%<-cop nsubj cc nummod advmod conj
strategy<-case
sail<-dep nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
question<-cc conj nmod nsubj
end<-nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
hope<-advcl nsubj advmod mark
advertisement<-case det
fault<-det compound
call<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
dub<-xcomp
light<-case
Nashua<-case
total<-ccomp
lover<-case acl:relcl compound
lexicon<-dep nsubj dobj nmod mark
that<-nmod:npmod
change<-dep acl nmod amod
election<-nmod
measurement<-det
land<-advmod nsubj
choppy<-cc conj
position<-xcomp nsubj
Apogee<-case
18<-cc conj
Heyman<-compound
runway<-case dep det
help<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
adoption<-det nmod
result<-cop det nmod
anyone<-nmod
1.24<-dep
dashboard<-case det
bigotry<-det amod
be<-ccomp nmod expl
prolific<-advmod
make<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
support<-case dep amod
understate<-ccomp nsubj
fluctuation<-case nmod amod
publication<-nmod:poss nmod
seem<-advmod nmod nsubj
Defense<-det nmod compound
news<-aux cop nmod amod nsubj
suffer<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
equipment<-case cc conj amod
protection<-dep det nmod compound
take<-aux nmod dobj
shell<-acl:relcl amod
year<-case nummod det acl
equal<-aux dobj nsubj
mellow<-xcomp cop nsubj cc advmod conj
Manor<-case appos compound
49<-appos
identify<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
blast<-dobj nmod advmod mark
expansion<-dep det
plan<-case amod
evidence<-aux advmod advcl
lace<-cop nmod
pressure<-case nmod
bravura<-appos compound
accuse<-auxpass advcl nmod dobj
dossier<-case
equal<-cop nmod nsubj
horizon<-case acl:relcl det
stop<-nmod dobj
support<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
believe<-aux ccomp neg nsubj
war<-nmod:poss nmod
fall<-det nmod
outset<-case det nmod
bureaucracy<-dep det amod
jolt<-nmod:poss amod
choppy<-cop advmod nmod mark
introduce<-dobj nmod nsubj
twice<-dep advmod
obfuscation<-case
course<-det nmod
transform<-cc conj dobj mark
work<-dep cop amod mark
role<-case det nmod amod
construction<-case amod
total<-case dep compound
tower<-det compound
transaction<-case compound
bring<-advcl aux dobj advmod nsubj
forecast<-case nmod:poss
demand<-aux nsubj ccomp neg advcl
distinguish<-dobj
construe<-dep dobj mark
technology<-case compound amod
riddled<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
lease<-nmod
demand<-nsubj ccomp
check<-case
shaky<-cop advmod
Michigan<-advmod
Asia<-case acl:relcl
culture<-cop advmod det nmod nsubj
which<-nmod
own<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
thing<-aux amod det advcl cop
foreground<-case det
circumstance<-case det
nominee<-case nmod
eliminate<-aux advcl
district<-case det compound
plunge<-case det
glare<-det nmod
department<-dep det
tract<-nmod amod
film<-amod
part<-aux cop advmod nmod nsubj
construct<-dobj mark
secretary<-case compound
Annaud<-compound
more<-cc dep acl:relcl det
boost<-xcomp mark
troops<-nummod amod
network<-dep det
transaction<-amod
face<-nsubj nmod:tmod nmod dobj aux ccomp
give<-aux ccomp dobj iobj nsubj
unload<-dobj nmod nsubj
Giamatti<-case appos compound
add<-aux ccomp nmod nsubj
look<-case
step<-cc cop conj advmod nsubj
hotel<-advmod det amod
practice<-amod
Minerals<-compound
decline<-compound
add<-aux nmod neg nsubj
turn<-aux dobj nsubj
atmosphere<-case det
introduce<-nsubj dep advmod dobj cc conj
limit<-aux nmod
tree<-case appos compound det amod
necessary<-cop advmod ccomp nsubj
ask<-xcomp aux dobj nsubj
mile<-case
fall<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
suggest<-advmod ccomp
own<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
step<-dep dobj
Jersey<-case compound amod
chorus<-det
catch<-advcl dobj mark
disclose<-nmod dobj
attempt<-case det amod
divide<-nsubj nmod ccomp
wider<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
retrieve<-xcomp advmod nmod mark auxpass nsubjpass
understand<-nsubj dobj mark
Varvara<-det amod
6<-case advmod
word<-det amod
rejuvenation<-amod det compound
trader<-cc nummod conj compound
defend<-xcomp nmod nsubj
doctrine<-case det nmod
60<-case advmod
hit<-dobj nmod mark
team<-dep advmod nmod compound:prt
ayatollah<-case det
charge<-dep cop nmod nsubj
auction<-case det compound
government<-case nmod:poss
project<-dobj mark
showing<-case det amod
commonplace<-advmod
broad<-advmod
use<-nummod compound
read<-dobj nsubj
Farney<-compound
2659.22<-case
franc<-nummod nmod
friendship<-nmod nsubj
pride<-dep cop det amod
bailout<-det compound
Airlines<-dep cc conj compound
vote<-case
tote<-aux compound:prt nmod nsubj
medicine<-case
theoretical<-dep ccomp
news<-dep det amod
half-brother<-case appos nmod:poss
influence<-appos det amod
damage<-case amod
massacre<-case acl:relcl det nmod
crisis<-det
passer-by<-xcomp
allow<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
unlikely<-cc conj
wish<-xcomp advmod nsubj
make<-xcomp advmod dobj nsubj
interested<-advcl
guarantee<-compound amod nmod nsubj
introduce<-aux nmod
award<-det
grab<-case cc conj advmod dobj
trafficker<-compound det amod
improving<-ccomp
divert<-aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod:tmod nmod
6.4<-advmod
insist<-advmod ccomp nsubj
way<-case nmod
set<-nmod:tmod
root<-dep nmod:poss
commodity<-det
take<-aux nmod advcl
Metzenbaum<-compound
severe<-cop advmod mark
record<-case compound det amod
triple<-aux nsubj advmod nmod mark
Alar<-case
(<-case compound amod
blood<-case
cancer<-dep acl:relcl
spin<-aux nsubj advmod advcl
state<-dep cop det nmod
reader<-amod
lobby<-dobj
tax<-det compound
Washington<-nmod
option<-case det
parent<-det amod
crude<-case det compound
lower<-cc cop conj advmod nsubj
dip<-dep det nmod amod cc conj
change<-nmod dobj
1975<-case
157/8<-dep compound
consider<-nsubj dobj
more<-cop
yourself<-case
member<-cop det nmod amod
worth<-aux cop nsubj advmod advcl
Palmero<-nmod compound
ease<-dobj nmod nsubj
forfeiture<-compound det amod
offer<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
the<-dep
metal<-case
swing<-compound amod
bolt<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
March<-case nummod appos nmod
smell<-cc conj nmod
funnel<-nmod dobj
Lambert<-nmod compound
sell<-xcomp
98.481<-case
parody<-case det nmod
jack<-compound:prt dobj mark
subsidy<-amod
show<-compound
foot<-case nummod nmod amod
three-fourth<-advmod acl:relcl nmod acl
car<-case compound
statement<-nmod:poss
ultimately<-case
swath<-det nmod amod
garden<-appos
Minneapolis<-case
crash<-case det
erase<-xcomp
lose<-advcl dobj
city<-case compound amod
anything<-appos
enforce<-ccomp nsubj
teacher<-det
tight<-advmod
Carl<-cc conj compound
theirs<-case
know<-aux nmod
dowdy<-dep cop advmod nmod nsubj
limit<-case
classmate<-case det nmod compound
sector<-case nmod amod
post<-nmod
family<-dep det
planner<-dep nmod:poss
make<-dep mark dobj nsubj
charge<-case det nmod amod
Eskenazi<-compound
store<-appos det amod
bacon<-det
Lowe<-compound
%<-case cc nummod advmod nmod dep conj
contribute<-dep advmod dobj nsubj
premium<-nmod:poss
influence<-nsubj ccomp mark
use<-cop nsubj cc neg nmod mark aux conj
gas<-nmod
deal<-dep det compound
goal<-aux cop det amod nsubj
operate<-aux nmod
left<-case appos advmod det
inefficiency<-case nmod
vote<-nmod:poss
show<-case cc conj nmod:poss compound
keep<-xcomp aux nsubj
funnel<-aux nmod dobj
effort<-case det compound
rate<-dep amod
piece<-det
playing<-case det nmod amod
arrangement<-case det amod
assail<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
engineering<-case amod
disaster<-case amod
Forbes<-case compound
generalize<-mark
appreciation<-case nmod:poss
censor<-nmod
isolate<-dep dobj nmod mark
import<-case amod
steer<-nmod
producer<-det nmod amod
hit<-xcomp nsubj
lens<-appos compound
resign<-advmod nmod nsubj
okay<-cop ccomp nsubj
technical<-advmod
kilter<-case
stash<-nmod dobj
play<-dobj compound:prt
scamper<-advmod nmod nsubj
prowess<-nmod:poss nmod
open<-cop advmod nmod
decision<-nmod amod
condition<-case nmod:poss amod
commission<-dep det amod
farmer<-amod
section<-nummod nmod
eager<-xcomp cop advmod nmod
adviser<-compound det amod
apply<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
ban<-dep det compound
president<-nmod:poss amod
deal<-case amod
Cubans<-cc conj det
estimate<-ccomp nmod nsubj
sure<-cop ccomp mark
team<-det nmod amod
(<-case dep compound det amod
defend<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
government<-case det nmod
box<-cop acl:relcl det amod
this<-dep cc
take<-advcl nsubj dobj advmod mark
penalty<-nmod
rely<-advmod nmod nsubj
officer<-case amod compound
Americans<-det nmod
specific<-cc conj
be<-neg nsubj mark
Machines<-compound
department<-case det
tension<-det
torch<-case compound det amod
improperly<-cc conj
live<-cc conj dobj
flag<-det compound
Tandy<-acl:relcl
walk<-cc conj advmod nmod compound:prt
quota<-case cc conj nmod:poss
manufacturing<-case compound
remainder<-dep det
$<-dep nummod advmod compound
waterworks<-case cc conj cc:preconj
beginning<-case advmod det nmod
Manufacturing<-case compound amod
minute<-dep neg
motivate<-dobj nmod nsubj
region<-case nmod:poss amod
set<-det
read<-nsubj
rise<-compound amod
die<-advmod ccomp nsubj
desert<-cop nmod
delay<-case det nmod
scenario<-case det compound
gate<-case det
opportunity<-case
enhance<-aux nmod nsubj
arrest<-nmod dobj
have<-advmod ccomp mark
stronger<-cop nmod
director<-case nmod:poss
it<-det
reach<-dobj nmod mark
leadership<-case dep nmod
transaction<-case compound det amod
formulum<-case det
Cortes<-case det amod
poor<-cop advmod nmod
match<-dobj nsubj
2.19<-dep
rise<-dep advmod nsubj
full<-advmod
drive<-cc conj dobj nsubj
statement<-nmod nsubj
intolerable<-cop nmod
victory<-nmod:poss
halt<-cc conj nmod dobj
popular<-cop advmod
fix<-case advmod det acl
Hubel<-appos compound
accomplish<-advmod
Chesebrough-Pond<-case
stalwart<-compound nmod amod
build<-advcl dobj nmod mark
go<-nsubj cc dobj aux conj mark
Tories<-det
like<-xcomp aux conj cc nsubj
rough<-advmod
picture<-cc conj det amod
misunderstand<-auxpass nsubjpass mark
prefer<-ccomp nsubj
return<-case nmod amod
Thatcher<-acl compound
end<-nmod
proposal<-case
giant<-case cc conj det compound
trip<-amod
bargain<-case
network<-compound
Dodgers<-det compound
loath<-xcomp nsubj
Dow<-nummod det
three-month<-cc conj
apple<-case acl:relcl det
house<-cc conj advmod det
campaign<-case compound amod
ship<-nmod:tmod nmod
Charles<-nmod:poss compound
advise<-aux dobj nsubj
drive<-nmod mark
sale<-case cop neg nsubj
split<-case det compound
term<-nmod amod
U.S.S.R<-case det
call<-nsubj ccomp mark
feature<-dep det nmod compound
drive<-nmod nsubj
role<-compound amod
press<-xcomp dobj
viewer<-amod
Oakland<-case cc conj
rely<-ccomp nmod nsubj
future<-dep
need<-aux nsubj advcl mark
dropper<-det nmod
observer<-compound
persuade<-dobj iobj nmod nsubj
agreement<-case nmod:poss compound
downpayment<-compound amod
be<-nsubj dobj mark
factor<-acl:relcl nmod amod
medical<-cc conj
witness<-det amod
hear<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod mark
front<-case det nmod
abandon<-ccomp
Coors<-compound
division<-det compound
display<-case compound
Southern<-compound
contingent<-cop nsubj nmod mark
market<-dobj nmod mark
underlie<-dobj mark
deal<-aux nmod nsubj
concerned<-dobj
different<-cop nsubj nmod mark
leader<-case det nmod amod
view<-dobj mark
graft<-dep
request<-nmod:poss nmod
depend<-aux advcl nsubj
buy<-aux nsubj dobj mark
imagery<-compound
enterprise<-acl:relcl compound
recently<-dep
stroke<-case cc conj
control<-case compound acl:relcl amod
go<-aux nmod compound:prt
settle<-nmod compound:prt
reduction<-case amod
win<-advcl dobj
hard<-advmod advcl
pass<-ccomp nsubj
unwillingness<-cop det nmod
corporation<-acl:relcl det
crash<-compound det amod
roadway<-det amod
employer<-dep
work<-aux dobj neg nsubj
aid<-amod
career<-amod nsubj
draft<-cop nmod
16<-dep
operation<-dep nmod compound
York<-case acl:relcl compound
buy-back<-det
expect<-xcomp advmod dobj nsubj
trench<-case det
comic<-det acl
hurt<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
31,143<-case
useful<-cop nmod
cite<-auxpass nmod
preview<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
surprisingly<-dep
and<-nmod ccomp
mall<-det compound
Asia<-case compound
conclude<-aux ccomp nsubj
african<-dep amod
cut<-auxpass nmod dobj
certain<-case
simplification<-case
sweeten<-nmod nsubj
work<-case cop dep advmod nmod
predict<-dobj nsubj
official<-dep amod
turn<-det compound
war<-det
professor<-det
moderate<-case amod
Cleveland<-case cc conj compound
promptly<-compound
ready<-xcomp nsubj
already<-ccomp nsubj
dogma<-case amod
slouch<-neg nmod
battery<-case
lead<-det nmod
tactic<-amod
economy<-acl:relcl det compound
efficiency<-cc conj nmod:poss
acknowledge<-ccomp nsubj
countersuit<-det
tape<-det amod
fund<-advcl nsubj
trial<-cop acl:relcl det amod
Bofors<-case
outside<-case nmod amod
bear<-cop
reading<-det nmod
pound<-case nummod nmod
person<-det nmod amod
community<-det amod
designer<-amod
rate<-case nmod compound
be<-acl:relcl
Banks<-case acl compound
airline<-dep det
suit<-case appos det
bring<-dep cc conj nmod dobj
similar<-cop nmod
situation<-acl:relcl det nmod
Fisher<-case
hype<-case
conclude<-dobj
sense<-acl:relcl det
expand<-mark
cash<-det nmod
idea<-acl:relcl det
beheading<-det nmod
bank<-nummod det
timing<-case
football<-case compound
table<-dep det compound
office<-cc conj
found<-dobj mark
unit<-det nmod compound
delicious<-aux cop advmod nsubj
negotiation<-case acl:relcl
charge<-xcomp nmod nsubj
serve<-aux nmod nsubj
stop<-aux nsubj dobj mark
newspaper<-det nmod
bond<-dep nummod compound det amod
hamper<-cop nsubj nmod advmod mark
tour<-advmod dobj
start<-cc conj dobj
result<-case nmod:poss compound
Pacific<-case compound
mean<-nmod nsubj
bargain-hunting<-compound
respected<-advmod ccomp nsubj
go<-xcomp aux nsubj compound:prt advcl
use<-cop advmod acl
operation<-case
shareholder<-cop amod det acl mark
year<-advmod det acl:relcl amod
worth<-case nmod:poss amod
view<-nmod compound
system<-case nmod:poss amod
one<-cc conj
force<-acl amod
making<-ccomp
list<-case nmod:poss amod
beating<-det
unroll<-nmod nsubj
specify<-dobj mark
cram<-case nummod nmod compound
offer<-aux advmod iobj dobj nsubj
art<-case
cloud<-case det amod
deterrant<-case det
work<-dep compound
cereal<-case det amod
concentrate<-dobj nmod mark
debt<-case det
piece<-nmod compound
4,440<-case
go<-nsubj cc neg advmod nmod aux conj
anything<-acl
Administration<-case compound det amod
invest<-xcomp aux advmod
statute<-det amod
unlikely<-cop nsubj ccomp mark
vet<-compound det amod
trade<-case nmod compound
repeal<-nmod
preparation<-case nmod
activity<-case det nmod amod
describe<-xcomp mark
prove<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
success<-dep nmod:poss amod
retailer<-det amod
halt<-aux advcl nmod nsubj
total<-dobj mark
look<-cop nmod neg nsubj
troupe<-dep det
assume<-advmod mark
think<-xcomp aux
interested<-cop neg nsubj
MGM/UA<-case
shortageflation<-acl:relcl
get<-xcomp aux mark
far<-nmod:npmod
performance<-det compound
financing<-compound
fund<-case acl:relcl det amod
seem<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
rights<-nmod:poss
continue<-aux advmod nsubj
help<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
gain<-det compound
Wetherell<-appos compound
shop<-case compound amod
rally<-aux ccomp nsubj
produce<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
advantage<-det nmod amod
question<-cop nsubj advmod det nmod mark
shake<-cop advmod
ratio<-case amod
Ross<-cc conj compound
come<-ccomp nmod nsubj
have<-dep mark advmod ccomp nsubj
turn<-aux compound:prt nmod nsubj
day<-appos amod
market<-cop nmod nsubj
wife<-dep appos
job<-nummod nmod
Alliance<-compound
anytime<-acl:relcl
call<-advmod dobj
higher<-dep cop nsubj
Unitel<-case
fee<-nmod
confidentiality<-amod
Petronas<-appos
rife<-dep cop
Mobil<-case
mainstream<-case det nmod
bomb<-cop nsubj dep nmod cc conj
repair<-dobj mark
credibility<-amod
appetite<-nmod:poss nmod
dialogue<-nmod
see<-advcl nsubj
stretch<-case nmod amod
know<-advcl
use<-xcomp nmod nsubj
opening<-dobj
beat<-dobj advmod mark
plunge<-case nmod:poss
jump<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
heave<-dep cop nmod
resort<-case cc det nmod amod compound conj
Sotheby<-case cc conj
knot<-case cop advmod
trade<-advmod
Thursday<-case amod
trust<-amod
overwhelm<-aux nsubj dobj advcl mark
program<-acl:relcl amod
lining<-det amod
company<-case dep amod
respond<-nsubj ccomp advcl
turn<-dobj nmod advmod mark
Bakker<-compound
neighborhood<-case det nmod
head<-cop nsubj neg nmod ccomp mark
put<-advmod dobj nsubj
underwhelm<-cop
bailout<-case nmod:poss nmod
advance<-amod
pin<-case nmod
Machines<-dep compound
kill<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
Rock<-case compound
lot<-compound
price<-case cc conj det amod
Mason<-compound
manage<-dobj nmod mark
Pa.<-case compound
room<-nmod amod
service<-cop det nmod amod
link<-cop nsubj nmod mark
pension<-case det
Newark<-case
they<-case dep conj cc
manufacture<-ccomp nsubj
growth<-det nmod amod
deal<-case dep det
protection<-case
Treasury<-case amod
surplus<-det compound
finance<-advmod dobj nmod mark
harmony<-amod
port<-case dep det nmod compound
measure<-case dep
build<-nsubj nmod mark
need<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
serious<-cop nsubj nmod mark
continue<-ccomp
surge<-appos det compound
bureaucracy<-case det amod
Californians<-amod
retaliation<-case acl:relcl
Peck<-compound
output<-nmod
guy<-case det
strength<-case det nmod amod
time<-nmod amod
business<-case appos amod
invest<-cc conj nmod mark
aftermath<-nmod:poss
barrier<-case det amod
acceptance<-case nmod
Dukakis<-case compound
criticism<-nmod amod
seek<-ccomp nsubj
win<-dobj nmod nsubj
Chevron<-acl:relcl
victory<-case cc conj det compound
third<-dep advmod
fleet<-det nmod
cover<-xcomp mark
Giuliani<-compound
service<-cop det neg
renaissance<-case det nmod
tax<-compound det acl:relcl amod
reach<-nmod dobj
communication<-det
close<-dep compound
rein<-cc conj compound:prt mark
afraid<-cop ccomp
air<-nsubj ccomp advcl
machinist<-dep det
follow<-nsubj ccomp advcl
43.75<-case dep
move<-dobj nmod mark
rear<-cop nsubj nmod mark
project<-cc conj nmod amod
ring<-dobj nsubj
act<-aux nmod
senator<-det
put<-compound:prt nmod mark
add<-nsubj cc nmod dobj conj mark
advise<-advcl dobj nsubj
get<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
Donoghue<-case
bit<-cop det nmod amod
circulate<-compound nmod amod
drag<-aux nmod compound:prt
prey<-det acl
portfolio<-compound det nmod amod
officer<-case nmod compound
%<-cop nsubj dep nmod compound aux
buy<-parataxis advcl dobj nmod mark
tendency<-det acl
158<-case dep
address<-case amod
examination<-case det
Exchange<-compound
doctor<-det amod
run<-advmod dobj nsubj
rebound<-nmod compound
alter<-dobj
society<-case det amod
Solchaga<-dep compound
{<-dep cop det nmod compound
accord<-nmod ccomp
sensibility<-case amod
action<-nmod amod
soften<-dobj
check<-dobj
antidote<-det nmod amod
occur<-advcl nsubj
difficult<-dep cop nmod
threat<-nummod compound amod
understanding<-case dep det
win<-nmod mark
difficulty<-case
volatile<-advmod
place<-dep det amod
pluck<-auxpass advcl nsubjpass nmod mark
sort<-case det compound
blessing<-nmod:poss acl
test<-xcomp nsubj
official<-acl:relcl compound
holiday<-case nmod
commercial<-dep acl:relcl det
attach<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
likelihood<-dep det compound
operation<-dep det amod
increase<-appos compound det nmod amod
unreadable<-cop
Raskolnikov<-cop compound det acl:relcl nsubj
officer<-case nmod:poss acl
mark<-case cop nsubj cc nummod ccomp conj
bud<-dep det compound
least<-case nmod:tmod
deficit<-cc conj compound
Square<-case compound
machine<-ccomp nsubj
display<-case det nmod
guarantee<-ccomp
financing<-dobj mark
queue<-case det nmod amod
proposal<-nummod acl det compound
loss<-case acl:relcl compound
disappoint<-auxpass ccomp nsubjpass mark
nameplate<-case nmod:poss compound
region<-case nmod:poss compound
scowl<-nmod
have<-cc conj expl ccomp mark
american<-case
democrat<-xcomp nsubj advmod mark
go<-compound:prt nsubj
share<-case compound acl:relcl amod
principle<-dep amod
afternoon<-case det
patent<-det amod
skier<-case
sell<-parataxis nsubj dobj nmod mark
crow<-case
energy<-cc conj advmod amod
Sciences<-case compound
capture<-advcl dobj
useful<-advmod
goal<-dep
environment<-case det compound
frightened<-cop advmod nsubj
advance<-det
irresponsible<-cop advmod nsubj
Colgate<-cc conj det
incur<-xcomp
extreme<-case det
leave<-dobj ccomp nsubj
launch<-acl:relcl
have<-advcl nmod dobj
Olds<-compound
climb<-compound:prt mark
mind<-advmod nsubj
check<-compound:prt dobj mark
release<-ccomp nsubj
premium<-dep acl:relcl det
trip<-acl det amod
paddleball<-advmod acl:relcl
have<-nsubj cc advmod dobj aux conj
doubling<-det nmod amod
trader<-case amod
phone<-dep
here<-advmod
course<-det
many<-case advmod
conflict<-nmod amod
question<-cop ccomp neg
lose<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
share<-cop nummod amod det nsubj
event<-case acl:relcl det
patter<-dep det
affect<-nsubj advmod dobj mark
flag<-cop nsubj advmod det nmod amod
syndicate<-det
reconcile<-dobj nmod mark
turn<-xcomp aux advcl nsubj
Co.<-case nmod:poss compound
show<-aux ccomp
invite<-advcl dobj
loyal<-cop nmod
screw<-auxpass nmod compound:prt
juror<-case nummod acl:relcl det compound
equity<-nmod compound
understand<-dep nsubj
mount<-xcomp dobj nsubj
encourage<-dobj
show<-dep ccomp
firm<-case appos det amod
withdrawal<-nmod:poss
century<-case nmod
pay<-compound:prt dobj nmod mark
proposal<-cc conj compound
issue<-acl:relcl compound
baseball<-case nmod
Kellner<-compound
people<-case nummod nmod
possess<-dobj
earn<-nsubj dobj mark
Justice<-dep
discounting<-case det
12-inch<-det nmod amod
battery<-case amod
name<-cc conj acl:relcl det nmod
rebate<-compound amod
Goldman<-cc conj
Paper<-case cc conj compound
system<-case acl:relcl det
official<-nmod compound
mind<-nmod:poss nmod
educate<-nmod
threatening<-advcl dobj
act<-case nummod det
trigger<-aux nmod nsubj
edge<-nmod:poss
Gorky<-neg det amod
face<-dep det compound
Health<-case cc conj
mill<-case nmod:poss compound
goal<-cc conj det
crowd<-cop advmod
perception<-dep det
hawk<-cop det amod
do<-cc conj mark nsubj
clothes<-case cc conj det appos
wane<-auxpass nsubjpass mark
one-fourth<-advmod nmod
point<-nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
average<-dep cop
do<-nsubj neg advmod nmod:tmod nmod dobj aux
produce<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
mound<-case advmod det
takeover<-case amod
Levine<-case compound
hold<-advmod
appeal<-nmod mark
37<-case dep
need<-cop acl nsubj
explanation<-det
Pentagon<-dep det
stock<-case cc conj det
scam<-det amod
28<-case
pamper<-parataxis dobj nsubj
decision<-det nmod amod
November<-cop nummod acl:relcl
Brooklyn<-case cc conj
first-grader<-det amod
herald<-aux dobj nsubj
Bay<-case cc conj compound
have<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
stop<-xcomp
piece<-nummod
proposal<-dep det compound
rally<-case det acl
list<-case compound acl:relcl amod
Group<-compound amod
clerk<-case cc nummod conj compound
Time<-nmod
conservative<-case det
do<-nsubj cc neg advmod dobj aux conj
mandate<-det acl
state<-nsubj ccomp advmod advcl
tradition<-case compound det amod
quote<-ccomp nsubj
Keteyian<-compound
five<-nmod:npmod
characterize<-auxpass nmod
Bonwit<-dep nsubj
Russell<-appos compound
continent<-case det
reinvest<-dep dobj
abducted<-dep nmod cc auxpass nsubjpass conj
foundation<-det amod
restrictive<-advmod
2.10<-dep
rider<-case amod
trader<-case acl:relcl
control<-dobj mark
pick<-compound:prt nmod mark
trade<-dobj mark
mistake<-cop nsubj det acl mark
call<-xcomp aux nsubj
expect<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj
possible<-xcomp cop
security<-case det
paint<-dobj nsubj
grow<-dobj
sign<-det compound
loan<-case compound det amod
associate<-case compound
calendar<-case det
make<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
establish<-ccomp mark
dune<-case nummod nmod
trigger<-det
offer<-case det amod
fall<-nsubj
plan<-nmod
principle<-case nmod
make<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
mega-project<-case det
longer<-nmod:npmod dep
%<-case cop nsubj cc nummod advmod conj
open<-nmod:tmod nmod mark
5<-case advmod
theater<-case det
lose<-xcomp advcl
share<-case det compound
channel<-case cc nummod conj
build<-advmod dobj
miscalculate<-nsubj dobj nmod advcl
worker<-case compound
damage<-case det amod
like<-dobj advmod nsubj
decline<-det compound
account<-case acl:relcl
store<-case cc det amod compound conj
pledge<-xcomp auxpass advmod nsubjpass mark
unplug<-xcomp mark
killer<-case cc conj det appos
hold<-case det nmod compound
announce<-nmod dobj
interested<-cop advcl neg nsubj
flatten<-nmod dobj
Jose<-case appos compound
news<-nummod
pay<-advcl mark
volume<-cc conj compound amod
period<-det nmod amod
reformer<-compound
hold<-advmod nmod dobj
adversary<-nmod:poss amod
banker<-case det amod
contribute<-dobj nsubj
link<-det nmod
milk<-amod
permit<-dobj nmod nsubj
cut<-dep compound amod
drop<-advmod nmod
need<-xcomp nsubj dobj mark
prefer<-xcomp nsubj ccomp
exceed<-auxpass advmod nmod
group<-nmod:poss acl
buyer<-acl:relcl compound
rename<-auxpass dobj
level<-case cc det nmod amod conj
blur<-dobj
head<-dobj mark
loss<-det compound
KGB<-det nmod
home<-case det nmod amod
earliest<-cop nsubj det mark acl:relcl advcl aux
election<-case det amod
consider<-cc conj dobj
sufficiently<-dep
look<-dobj nsubj
bank<-case nummod nmod amod
device<-case acl:relcl det amod
1980s<-case dep advmod
return<-case nmod:poss
word<-amod det det:predet
building<-compound
fail<-cc aux conj advmod nsubj
France<-compound
boost<-dobj advmod mark
explosion<-case det nmod
%<-cc cop nummod conj nmod
homefe<-case compound amod
capital-drain<-cc conj
complexity<-case amod
aware<-nmod
schedule<-nmod nsubj
dollar<-det compound
smile<-nmod advcl
growth<-nmod:poss
commit<-advmod
art<-dep cc compound
deliver<-neg dobj
look<-xcomp aux nmod
$<-dep nummod det
training<-case nmod compound
holder<-det acl
holder<-case nmod amod
Sentelle<-nmod compound
tenor<-case det
uncertainty<-nmod:poss nmod
impossible<-advmod
Greenwald<-acl compound
hour<-case nummod det nmod amod
rival<-amod
judge<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
show<-advmod ccomp mark
supervision<-amod
adviser<-nmod
factory<-det nmod
canal<-case det
allow<-ccomp
authority<-case nmod compound
hour<-case cc nummod advmod conj
72<-advmod
become<-xcomp advmod ccomp nsubj
Tanii<-appos compound
pizza<-det amod
guest<-xcomp nsubj mark
make<-compound:prt nmod mark
hideout<-amod
thing<-case amod det det:predet
cd<-amod
disallow<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
possibility<-case acl:relcl det
return<-case compound nmod amod
president<-cop nmod
sit<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
operate<-mark
employee<-dep det amod
better<-case advmod
system<-acl:relcl det compound
cap<-case det compound
fall<-amod det nmod det:predet
desperately<-advmod
Kume<-acl:relcl compound
number<-det nmod acl
Asquith<-appos compound
portfolio<-nmod nsubj
lending<-dep compound
1890s<-case appos det
Mirage<-det
5.63<-case dep
date<-case det amod
Procter<-case cc conj
able<-neg
crowd<-advmod dobj nsubj
use<-nsubj advmod dobj mark
reflect<-aux nmod
judge<-det nmod
announce<-advmod dobj mark
suit<-case cc conj det
hotel-casino<-det amod
condition<-case det nmod
loss<-case cc conj compound
rise<-compound det nmod amod
favor<-ccomp nsubj
boast<-aux nmod nsubj
survey<-det amod
S&P<-case
hold<-nmod compound:prt
say<-cc advmod ccomp nsubj
lot<-case det amod
farmer<-case det
inappropriate<-advmod
painting<-case cc conj
cross<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
adviser<-det amod
file<-nsubj dobj mark
trading<-case det compound
crash<-compound:prt dobj mark
44<-dep cc conj compound
take<-ccomp nmod nsubj
meeting<-case dep nmod:poss amod
be<-cc conj nsubj nmod expl
attractiveness<-det nmod
highlight<-dep aux dobj nsubj
ability<-amod
get<-case cc conj dobj
recession<-case det acl
summer<-appos det acl
heir<-case neg
tell<-dep aux conj cc dobj
kind<-acl
agent<-case dep conj cc
return<-appos det nmod amod
music<-cop nmod
ambulance<-det
feel<-dep nsubj advmod mark
we<-dep acl
cut<-advcl aux dobj nmod nsubj
scrimp<-case nmod
candidacy<-case det compound
everyone<-dep neg
work<-xcomp nmod mark
processing<-case advmod acl:relcl compound
century<-case compound det amod
firm<-dobj nsubj
expression<-case
user<-det
decision<-det nmod
level<-nmod nsubj
review<-cc conj dobj nsubj
2890<-case
might<-nsubj mark
offer<-iobj dobj
brand<-case compound
die<-aux
Dale<-appos compound
dominate<-cc conj nmod dobj
pillar<-aux cop det nmod nsubj
disrupt<-nmod dobj
advent<-case det nmod
image<-nsubj
Energy<-case cc conj det compound
goods<-compound
dozen<-nmod compound
August<-case nmod
publish<-nmod dobj
information<-case nmod amod
tougher<-cop advmod
effort<-dep nmod acl
commission<-case compound amod
1989<-case dep
income<-case det compound
factory<-case
measure<-cop nmod
349<-case
number<-dep det nmod
use<-case cc conj det nmod
rename<-ccomp nsubj
Ramirez<-compound
action<-nmod:poss amod
exception<-case det nmod
file<-nmod nsubj
pass<-mark
blue<-case dep amod cc compound conj
mark<-nmod
opinion<-case compound
seek<-aux dobj neg nmod nsubj
available<-cop advmod nmod neg nsubj
insist<-ccomp
tumble<-aux compound:prt nmod nsubj
urge<-xcomp advmod dobj
broadly<-advmod
questionable<-advmod
concern<-nmod:poss nmod
work<-cc conj
pick<-nsubj advmod nmod compound:prt mark dobj
now<-dep advmod
Jones<-dep advmod det compound
actor<-case dep conj cc
activity<-det nmod amod
sneak<-advcl advmod nmod nsubj
audience<-case det amod
receipt<-case compound
total<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
drastically<-advmod
dollar<-nummod nmod
BSN<-nmod
find<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
keep<-nmod nsubj
help<-xcomp aux nsubj advcl
latter<-dep det
hospital<-case appos nmod:poss
follow<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
notion<-det
selling<-case
transfer<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
state<-dep det acl
30,000<-dep
knowledge<-case det nmod
scared<-cop advmod ccomp nsubj
accompany<-nmod
eyewitness<-cop det nmod nsubj
immediately<-advmod
licens<-case compound
Gibbons<-compound
terrorism<-case compound
fancy<-det
figure<-case det compound
penny<-det
safety<-advmod nmod:tmod mark
one<-cop acl nmod mark
close<-nmod dobj
say<-nsubj dobj nmod ccomp
robber<-nummod acl:relcl
point<-case neg nummod nmod compound
organization<-det amod
logical<-xcomp cop advmod
pay<-aux nsubj nmod neg dobj
zip<-cc conj compound:prt dobj nsubj
act<-aux advmod nmod neg
plan<-acl nmod:poss compound
gain<-nmod amod
project<-xcomp nsubj
begin<-advcl nsubj mark
weakness<-case det nmod amod
talk<-acl:relcl
charge<-aux advcl
case<-case det nmod amod
earnings<-acl
graying<-case det nmod
16<-case
arrangement<-amod
41<-dep nmod compound
relation<-case nmod amod
leader<-appos det nmod compound
copper<-case nmod
amendment<-dep det
contest<-det
develop<-aux nmod
artsy<-cc cop conj nsubj
deadline<-compound
turn<-xcomp nmod mark
Pacholik<-appos compound
layer<-dep det compound
bag<-case cc conj compound
edition<-case nmod:poss acl
lower<-nmod:npmod cop nmod nsubj
receive<-nsubj ccomp nmod mark
aisle<-det
be<-ccomp expl
capitalize<-nmod mark
holiday<-case det amod
house<-case nmod:poss amod
suffer<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
sale<-dep det amod
make<-dep cc conj dobj
postcard<-nmod
finance<-nmod
applicant<-case
guy<-cop acl:relcl det amod
Angeles<-case nmod compound
leadership<-case det amod
approach.see<-case nmod:poss compound
wallet<-nsubj mark
individual<-det nmod amod
appear<-xcomp
everybody<-dep advmod
event<-det
chief<-amod
anticipate<-aux dobj nmod neg nsubj
place<-case cc conj det
difficulty<-case amod
create<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
Met<-det
action<-det acl
storage<-case compound
interest<-case nmod:poss
revenue<-case nmod:poss
see<-cc conj ccomp nsubj
acre<-nummod
strengthening<-det nmod amod
play<-dobj nsubj
sea<-case
pay<-aux nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
claim<-ccomp
effect<-acl det amod
remember<-aux advcl
director<-amod
lean<-nmod
figure<-case
8,000<-advmod
2149.3<-case
service<-cc conj
tower<-case det nmod amod
pull<-nsubj cc advmod compound:prt aux conj dobj
beef<-case
move<-case det amod
retain<-ccomp nmod nsubj
way<-cop advmod acl neg
want<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
account<-cop advmod det amod nsubj
pension<-case
paraphernalia<-det nmod
security<-case cc conj acl:relcl compound
organization<-acl:relcl det nmod compound
read<-nmod mark
fun<-cop acl:relcl
expand<-advmod
husband<-det
attempt<-case
hit<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
donate<-dobj
hone<-dobj mark
have<-advcl dobj
state<-case cc conj nmod:poss amod
president<-det det:predet
tight<-cop nsubj ccomp advmod mark
miss<-nsubj iobj dobj mark
pragmatism<-case
herbicide<-case
loans.In<-case dep amod
recorder<-compound
series<-nmod:poss
information<-compound amod
tie<-case nmod compound
allegiance<-amod
care<-case nmod amod
buy<-nmod ccomp
mark<-case det
government<-case cc conj det amod
read<-dep advmod nmod nsubj
start<-case det amod
doctor<-case det
corn<-compound
draw<-nsubj cc neg advmod dobj aux conj
dryness<-advmod acl:relcl amod
sharp<-cop nmod
laugh<-cc conj advmod nsubj
location<-case compound nmod amod
stop<-advmod
try<-advmod mark
appropriate<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
student<-case
fear<-case advmod nmod
Lingus<-dep compound
count<-case det
Korea<-cc conj compound
policy<-cc conj amod
weight<-det nmod
stall<-advmod compound:prt nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
do<-neg dobj mark
book<-compound nsubj
become<-xcomp cc conj mark
Prague<-case
reinforcement<-case
Act<-compound
voter<-nmod compound
maze<-cop acl:relcl det nmod
save<-advcl advmod dobj nmod nsubj
killer<-cop det nsubj
push<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
57.87<-case dep advmod nmod amod
Sheraton<-appos
now<-cc conj
acknowledge<-ccomp
arm<-case det
ninth<-case det nmod
contribute<-aux nmod nsubj
100<-case dep conj advmod cc
sale<-compound nmod amod
keep<-advcl compound:prt nmod mark
datum<-det amod
send<-dobj advmod nsubj
Bridge<-cc conj
predict<-nsubj ccomp mark
theater<-case det nmod amod
democracy<-case cc conj
join<-xcomp advmod nmod nsubj
desirable<-cc neg
computer<-case compound
Hammack<-dep compound
failure<-det compound
Beers<-compound
22<-advmod
take<-advmod compound:prt nsubj
bring<-cc conj compound:prt dobj mark
grow<-aux nmod nsubj
little<-advmod advcl
transaction<-det amod
ability<-acl det amod
start<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
estimate<-case nummod appos
product<-cop det nmod nsubj
encourage<-dobj nmod nsubj
Donaldson<-cc conj
terror<-case
turn<-aux nsubj nmod mark
commit<-cc auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
as<-advcl
Peru<-case
ad<-case nmod:poss compound
return<-case acl
take<-aux dobj mark
traditional<-advmod
capital<-acl:relcl det
watch<-dep compound det amod
average<-cc cop conj nmod nsubj
hundred<-case det amod
job<-nummod compound amod
drive<-dobj
Violetta<-acl:relcl det
come<-nsubj advmod nmod:tmod nmod compound:prt advcl dobj
perjury<-case
sing<-aux dobj advmod nsubj
fight<-case det
Hampshire<-compound
bear<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass mark
foundation<-case nmod:poss
August<-dep
room<-nmod
pillow<-case cc conj
stay<-nmod mark
15<-dep nmod compound
slow<-cop nsubj cc advmod mark conj
buy<-advcl dobj mark
%<-case advmod compound
Mass.<-case compound
open<-dep cop nsubj
worry<-case
site<-det
gentility<-advmod
technical<-cc conj
R.<-case compound
income<-dep nmod:poss amod
lower<-dep
important<-cc dep conj advmod nmod
200,000<-case dep
dividend<-compound det amod
club<-compound
Jones<-amod
live<-xcomp aux advmod
grounds<-case amod
correspondence<-case nmod amod
10,000<-dep nmod
support<-case det nmod amod
Toseland<-case compound
see<-cc advmod dobj nmod nsubj
spend<-aux nsubj
thumb<-case
manufacturer<-compound
pore<-xcomp aux nmod neg nsubj
take<-nsubj nmod:tmod dobj advcl aux mark
shop<-dep det compound
admire<-advmod
split<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
association<-case det nmod
politics<-compound
bomb<-nsubj cc dobj advcl aux conj
fleet<-nmod:poss
use<-advcl nmod dobj
Eaton<-acl:relcl
start<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
attitude<-amod
dividend<-nmod:poss
piece<-case nmod amod
year<-case nummod acl
apple<-det amod
hour<-nummod advmod
broker<-advmod det
nation<-cop compound det neg
fray<-case det
machine<-case amod
overpurchase<-dobj mark
lack<-dobj
proposal<-nmod:poss amod
give<-compound:prt nsubj
filing<-det
Journal<-det
sign<-aux ccomp neg nsubj
holding<-xcomp
buy<-det compound
do<-advcl aux nsubj advmod dobj
operation<-case amod nmod:poss compound
CEO<-cop nsubj det nmod advcl aux
Friends<-nmod
make<-xcomp ccomp nsubj
Zalubice<-case
reinvent<-dobj nsubj
learn<-xcomp aux nsubj
revenue<-case dep nmod
earnings<-case nummod
male<-case amod
room<-nmod:poss amod
lease<-advmod nmod dobj
indicator<-case det amod
rush<-cop neg nmod amod expl aux acl
boycott<-det
Parker<-case cc conj compound
Japan<-case cc conj
Fitzwater<-compound
be<-dep aux nsubj
compensate<-aux advcl nsubj
Reservoirs<-acl:relcl det nmod compound
real<-cop nsubj cc neg nmod aux conj
purchase<-dep dobj advmod nsubj
liner<-compound det amod
serve<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
loan<-cop nsubj neg advmod det ccomp acl:relcl aux
aluminum<-case
rod<-case det amod
owe<-dobj nsubj
)<-case amod
system<-case acl:relcl det compound
powerful<-nmod mark
odds<-dep nmod
jointly<-nmod
debenture<-dep det
book<-cop amod nmod nsubj
cow<-acl det amod
team<-dep amod
yesterday<-case amod compound
Co.<-case advmod compound
own<-dep dobj advmod nsubj
extend<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
suspension<-det nmod
demand<-advcl
know<-advmod dobj nsubj
obtain<-auxpass advmod nmod
equilibrium<-dep det amod
trade<-dobj nsubj
casino<-dep dobj
electrical<-cc conj
Schwarz<-case compound
accept<-aux nsubj
little<-advmod
cancel<-xcomp mark
watch<-dobj nmod nsubj
amplify<-dobj nmod mark
Wonham<-compound
statement<-det compound
indictment<-nmod
road<-case det nmod
worker<-cop neg advmod det nmod amod
travel<-amod
keep<-cc conj dobj compound:prt mark
advice<-cop amod mark
stop<-xcomp nsubj
make<-ccomp nmod nsubj
resemble<-xcomp mark
offer<-cop nmod nsubj
Union<-advmod det compound
ira<-amod
sell<-aux nsubj mark
segment<-case compound det nmod amod
Cockburn<-case compound
failure<-case cc conj
sign<-compound:prt mark
make<-aux ccomp nmod:tmod nsubj
man<-amod det det:predet
payment<-det compound
advantage<-case det nmod
compete<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
experiment<-case amod
maintenance<-case compound
anything<-nmod
fall<-xcomp
strew<-cop nmod nsubj
halt<-case det
set<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass
barrel<-case nummod nmod
room<-case compound
go<-dep dobj nsubj
Nucor<-case compound
patient<-case compound
factory<-case amod
general<-det nmod compound
ease<-nmod
Ventspils<-case
member<-nummod det nmod
disclosure<-dep
active<-cop nmod
penalty<-det nmod
Parkway<-case advmod compound
they<-case nmod:tmod
pay<-cop nmod nsubj
division<-case nummod nmod:poss
go<-xcomp aux advmod
expense<-dep compound amod
yesterday<-advmod
hold<-cop nmod mark
hire<-dep advmod dobj nsubj
gate<-case amod
stability<-det nmod
attempt<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
boom<-det compound
skeptical<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
suffer<-aux advcl nmod neg nsubj
AuCoin<-dep compound
file<-aux nmod
examine<-ccomp mark
investigate<-dobj nmod mark
writings<-case nmod:poss amod
desert<-case det nmod
1,040<-case dep
third<-det
approve<-advmod nmod
magazine<-compound det amod
Quebecor<-dep
concrete<-dep det nmod cc compound conj
window<-det nmod
defection<-cc dep conj
shoe<-amod
headline<-case det
master<-amod
import<-case amod det det:predet
wish<-nsubj ccomp advcl
group<-case nummod
take<-nsubj nmod:tmod nmod dobj advcl aux mark
refer<-xcomp advmod nmod
breakfast<-det compound
stock<-acl amod
competition<-case nmod compound
lend<-iobj dobj
estimate<-case amod
employment<-case compound
reason<-det acl
%<-case cop nummod advmod nsubj
double<-aux dobj nmod advmod nsubj
Court<-det
expect<-nsubj ccomp mark
provision<-case det amod
province<-nummod compound
succession<-det nmod amod
identify<-cc conj advmod dobj
decade<-case nmod
talk<-advcl nsubj
timetable<-case det amod
offset<-dobj nmod mark
end<-advmod dobj nsubj
give<-xcomp dobj
struggle<-cop advmod advcl
tremor<-det
partnership<-det amod
quell<-dobj ccomp mark
holder<-case det compound
produce<-aux compound:prt nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
mention<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
Morris<-dep compound
experience<-nsubj dobj mark
settle<-ccomp
player<-case det amod
not<-cop ccomp nsubj
version<-amod
prepare<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
pipeline<-case det
group<-case cc conj amod
popularity<-case det nmod amod
Valentine<-case
simple<-cop nsubj
abuse<-nmod amod
speak<-compound:prt mark
-<-dep cop neg
order<-nmod:poss
some<-case acl
conference<-det
gain<-case compound det amod
necessary<-xcomp aux cop nsubj advcl
be<-aux nsubj dobj mark
torch<-case det compound
move<-cop nsubj advmod advcl
Freeway<-case advmod det nmod compound
company<-appos det
infer<-aux cop nmod nsubj
guy<-case det acl
pin<-auxpass nsubjpass
file<-cc dep advmod dobj nsubj
inquiry<-det
rebound<-nmod:poss
affect<-advmod dobj
developer<-cc conj
effect<-neg advmod nmod
convert<-advmod nmod mark
sour<-case
child<-nummod det nmod
likelihood<-det
cash<-case det
volume<-det amod
Clark<-compound
generate<-advmod dobj
giant<-acl:relcl det compound
retailer<-case compound
pay<-nsubj dep nmod mark cc conj dobj
motivated<-advmod
frequently<-advmod
information<-case cc conj
Study<-case nmod compound
law<-case nummod det compound
waste<-case amod
Weiss<-compound
game<-case det nmod
be<-xcomp nmod
inequity<-case det nmod
appoint<-cop nmod nsubj
Tokyo<-case nmod
seek<-aux nsubj dobj nmod advcl
pretty<-cc conj cc:preconj
ought<-xcomp nsubj advcl mark
expect<-xcomp aux nsubj neg mark
experience<-amod
return<-dobj nmod mark
rally<-case
accrue<-nsubj mark
dress<-case compound det nmod amod
community<-case amod
340<-case
fund<-acl:relcl det
trade<-cop nmod nsubj
pro<-dep
do<-aux advmod nmod
Lipstein<-case compound
convertible<-cop nmod ccomp
bet<-det amod
sponsor<-dobj nmod mark
cocoa<-case
request<-acl det amod
expressive<-advmod amod
sensitive<-nmod
watt<-case cc nummod conj
loathsome<-advmod
stone<-case amod
bias<-det nmod amod
licensee<-case appos nmod:poss compound
important<-xcomp cop advmod
general-election<-ccomp nsubj
commit<-advmod dobj nsubj
miss<-auxpass nsubjpass mark
Corp.<-case
regulator<-case acl:relcl
warning<-acl:relcl det nmod
unstylish<-cc advmod
knock<-dobj nmod mark
confrontation<-amod
promise<-xcomp nsubj mark
handout<-case acl:relcl det
gate<-case det amod
week<-cc conj
interested<-cc nmod ccomp auxpass nsubjpass conj
concern<-case det nmod amod
manners<-case cc conj amod
politically<-xcomp
10,000<-cc dep conj
pend<-nmod dobj
resign<-dep nsubj advcl
interview<-case compound
climate<-case appos compound det amod
subsidize<-cc conj dobj
reform<-dobj nmod mark
blame<-dobj
dimension<-det amod
behave<-advcl nmod mark
shipment<-nmod
lawyer<-case nummod appos
asset<-case det amod
Kryuchkov<-compound
Reagan<-nmod compound
invest<-ccomp nmod:tmod nsubj
fall<-advmod mark
rupture<-cc conj compound
Express<-cc conj compound
disorder<-case nmod compound
company<-appos compound
hotel<-case det
market<-case amod compound
govern<-ccomp nsubj
apparently<-dep
franc<-dep nummod
tumble<-dobj
Tandem<-case
reject<-aux dobj nsubj
Journal<-case acl:relcl det nmod compound
Met<-dep compound
puppy<-case acl:relcl nmod amod
)<-cc nummod compound conj amod
rise<-advmod nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
result<-cc aux conj nmod nsubj
rise<-cop nmod
level<-case nmod
require<-nmod
lavish<-advmod
live<-nsubj advmod mark
turnaround<-nmod:poss
company<-appos nmod nsubj
fund<-case amod compound
Amendment<-case det compound
destroy<-nsubj dobj mark
firm<-dep ccomp
fanny<-cc conj nsubj
Industry<-case
AB<-nmod compound
sort<-nmod mark
car<-nummod det
unit<-compound amod
loser<-advmod det acl:relcl amod
law<-det acl
represent<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
background<-case det
emerge<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
plant<-compound
outcome<-case det
speed<-case amod
fall<-advmod nmod advcl
producer<-cop det nmod
important<-cop nsubj nmod advmod mark
decide<-advmod nmod
appraisal<-amod
haven<-cop nsubj neg advmod det nmod mark
bid<-compound det amod
improve<-aux nsubj dobj advcl
Sherry<-compound
mega-issue<-det
president<-dep compound amod
flashlight<-case cc conj amod
president<-dep det amod
pull<-advcl dobj mark
wait<-cop nmod nsubj
production<-det nmod
increase<-case cc det amod compound conj
inquiry<-case det amod
matter<-det nmod
fit<-aux compound:prt nmod neg nsubj
1<-case advmod
file<-case det nmod compound
have<-nsubj advmod mark
(<-dep nummod
sell<-advmod nsubj
wrong<-cop nsubj nmod mark
hope<-dep nmod:poss nmod amod
reservoir<-case det
block<-nmod:poss compound
president<-cop nsubj nmod:poss nmod mark
product<-case acl:relcl
Pioneer<-case acl:relcl
decline<-advcl advmod nsubj
try<-cc conj dobj nsubj
researcher<-det
magazine<-cop acl:relcl nsubj
something<-cop nsubj nmod mark
evade<-dobj mark
Scott<-compound
remember<-ccomp
hesitate<-xcomp aux advmod neg nsubj
pharmaceutical<-dep
guy<-det nmod
research<-case nmod
center<-compound amod
give<-cc conj compound:prt dobj mark
congressman<-det amod
grid<-det
pledge<-case det nmod
215/8<-dep compound
action<-dep det compound
leave<-advcl mark
show<-case nmod:poss
asset<-dep nmod
stock<-case nmod compound
average<-dep compound
building<-case cop nsubj det mark
share<-nummod compound
hospital<-case det nmod compound
plan<-amod
system<-case compound nmod:poss acl:relcl amod
invest<-advcl mark
list<-case cop nsubj neg amod nmod:poss
position<-case cop acl det mark
450<-dep
sense<-advcl dobj mark
split<-advmod nmod nsubj
mess<-case det
Iowa<-case compound
open<-nsubj
not<-cop nmod
frustration<-nmod nsubj
invention<-cop amod det neg
trouble<-case cop nsubj mark
child<-det nmod
Vaezi<-nmod compound
withhold<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
too<-advmod
swimmer<-compound det amod
pass<-advcl
six<-nmod:npmod cc conj nmod
Peters<-case cc:preconj compound
form<-case det nmod amod
street<-case det compound
man<-case acl:relcl det
debt<-nmod amod
agreement<-case
low-profitmargin<-advmod
117.375<-case dep nmod
independent<-advcl
business<-case cc conj cc:preconj
different<-aux cop advmod nsubj
euphemism<-case
situation<-amod det compound
blame<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
generation<-acl:relcl det
appeal<-mark
neighbour<-case dep nmod:poss
elixir<-case compound
case<-case nummod advmod nmod
rebel<-det nmod
labor<-dep
find<-aux dobj advmod nsubj
completion<-case
conference<-case det
Appropriations<-case compound
be<-aux nsubj ccomp mark
owner<-dep det nmod
wife<-cc conj det
thing<-case acl:relcl det
portion<-nmod
hit<-advmod nmod nsubj
build<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
crisis<-dep nmod amod
mother<-det amod
Feb.<-case nummod acl:relcl
solution<-dep det
terminate<-dep dobj nsubj
base<-aux nsubj nmod advcl
rally<-case acl:relcl det
breakfast<-case
mimic<-dobj nsubj
cell<-case nummod
Grand<-cc conj det nsubj
Bilzerian<-compound
window<-cc conj det nmod compound
minute<-nummod nmod amod
meeting<-acl det amod
span<-case det
fifth<-det nmod amod
ratio<-compound amod
rise<-aux nsubj dobj advcl
air<-dobj
cut<-xcomp aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod
Stone<-case compound
drama<-cc conj
daily<-det amod
investor<-advmod
prescribe<-advcl advmod dobj
solid<-cop
rival<-case amod
mayan<-nummod appos
community<-case det
rely<-xcomp aux nsubj nmod mark
Nekoosa<-dep
book<-nummod amod
worthless<-cop nsubj advmod mark
home<-case cc conj
Lynch<-cc conj compound
helm<-det
outflow<-nmod amod
board<-cc conj det compound
willing<-xcomp aux cop
position<-dep det amod
care<-amod det compound
sister<-dep appos
equity<-case det nmod amod
go<-cc conj compound:prt nmod:tmod nsubj
aide<-case compound amod
have<-nsubj ccomp
interior<-case
prohibit<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
seven<-dep
firm<-acl:relcl compound
professor<-nmod amod
appearance<-nmod amod
possibility<-det det:predet
profit<-case amod compound
product<-compound nmod amod
mess<-det
bizarre<-cop advmod nsubj
sum<-case compound det amod
recycle<-case compound
period<-case appos det amod
Francisco<-case advmod amod
flight<-nummod
guilty<-nmod nsubj
evaporate<-cc dep conj advcl
point<-case dep nummod compound
Moscow<-det compound
aware<-cop nsubj nmod advmod mark
Sports<-dep compound
part<-dep nmod amod
Mac<-case
bolster<-dobj
comment<-nmod
exporter<-cop advcl det nmod amod
emphasis<-case nmod amod
exist<-nsubj nmod advmod dobj
loser<-nmod:poss amod
reform<-nmod dobj
9.50<-dep nmod
description<-case nmod:poss nmod
region<-det compound
plan<-dep det compound
Sky<-case acl:relcl det amod
tanker<-nmod
company<-dep case det
telemarketer<-case acl:relcl det amod
business<-acl:relcl nmod:poss amod
invoke<-dobj mark
150<-case dep advmod
squeegee<-dobj
Texas<-case amod
5.94<-nmod
tweezers<-case compound
defeat<-dobj nmod mark
bid<-nmod nsubj
search<-case det nmod compound
production<-case det amod
state<-case nummod det
facility<-case nmod:poss compound
improvement<-case nmod compound
bond<-det nmod
play<-det
spend<-dep advcl dobj mark
investor<-case amod compound
dismantle<-dobj mark
relief<-dep amod
Strickland<-dep compound
rank<-advmod nmod nsubj
hurt<-dobj mark
sensitive<-cop advmod nmod
house<-acl
come<-aux ccomp nmod nsubj
stay<-xcomp nmod mark
monitor<-case
buy<-aux advmod nmod dobj
machine<-acl
)<-ccomp mark
rise<-case nmod:poss amod
equipment.and<-nmod:tmod
party<-case advmod det compound
view<-nmod:poss
toothpaste<-case cc conj
(<-xcomp advmod nsubj
need<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
build<-aux dobj nsubj
Pennsylvania<-case cc conj
package<-compound
six<-advmod nmod
Transportation<-case cc conj compound
afternoon<-case compound
do<-compound:prt nmod mark
large<-cc conj
soon<-dep
we<-acl:relcl
record<-appos nmod:poss
kidney-stone<-case acl det amod
advancer<-nmod
chemical<-case det
rent<-cc conj
disobedience<-case acl:relcl amod
rise<-det nmod compound
g-2<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
model<-acl:relcl amod
wait<-case compound amod
easy<-case cop advmod nmod
depress<-aux nsubj dobj mark
collect<-advcl dobj nsubj
Quincy<-case
use<-nsubj dobj
worry<-cc conj dobj nsubj
know<-cc conj ccomp nsubj
spy<-det compound
industry<-dep det compound
mandate<-dobj nmod mark
beer<-case cc conj
currency<-amod
preoccupation<-det nmod
mile<-det
exclude<-nmod dobj
describe<-dobj nsubj
wave<-compound
swing<-det amod
see<-nsubj neg advmod nmod dobj aux
keyboard<-case det
lower<-advmod advcl
adviser<-nmod:poss
1.7<-advmod
confirm<-dobj ccomp nmod mark
USX<-case compound
machine<-case acl:relcl det amod
USAir<-case
return<-nmod compound
British<-case det
purchase<-det compound
residence<-nmod
something<-dep acl:relcl
case<-case acl:relcl det
literature<-case compound
end<-case dep
unchanged<-dep advmod
drive<-case det compound
same<-cop det nmod mark
bag<-case compound
Times<-case appos det compound
offering<-case cc cc:preconj det amod conj
impact<-det compound
set<-xcomp auxpass
come<-cc auxpass nsubjpass conj mark
trial<-case
experience<-nmod amod
shelf<-case compound
taxation<-det nmod
1.88<-dep
effect<-nmod:poss nmod
head<-cc cop conj advmod nmod
adjust<-auxpass nmod
test<-dep det
21/2<-dep advmod det
parent<-case nmod:poss
effort<-nmod
submit<-dobj
Clean<-compound
field<-nmod
dominate<-dobj nsubj
he<-dep acl
ignore<-advmod dobj nsubj
contain<-aux dobj nsubj
desk<-case amod
administration<-cc conj amod
edge<-advmod dobj mark
point<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
idealistic<-amod
manage<-dobj nsubj
plan<-cc conj nmod
urge<-dobj mark
hospital<-acl:relcl det
unit<-case dep nummod compound
harmonious<-cc conj advmod
gyration<-case
game<-case det compound
feel<-compound:prt dobj mark
estimate<-case nmod amod
provider<-case appos det
effect<-aux amod det nmod cop
polish<-det
transaction<-acl:relcl
link<-nmod dobj
sell-off<-case det
Pru-Bache<-case
increase<-dep det amod
love<-xcomp aux conj cc nsubj
seven<-advmod nmod
postmark<-case amod
associate<-cop advmod nmod
dollar<-case cc conj
encounter<-advmod nmod dobj
seduce<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
accommodate<-aux nmod nsubj
start<-advmod nmod:tmod
3,500<-advmod nmod
trafficker<-case appos det compound
threat<-case det amod
AG<-case compound
Specter<-cc conj compound
buy<-cc conj dobj
empty<-cc conj dobj nsubj
participate<-nsubj
investigate<-advcl mark
transfer<-dobj nmod nsubj
mistake<-cop det nsubj
publish<-dobj nmod mark
find<-nmod dobj
government<-det nmod compound
press<-case dep advmod det nmod amod
stake<-det nmod compound
flee<-auxpass nsubjpass dobj
loyalty<-case compound
own<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
domain<-cop det nmod amod
Schuler<-appos compound
mid-1990<-case
Siemienas<-dep compound
end<-aux advmod neg nsubj
rent<-cc conj nmod amod
purchase<-cc conj dobj
propaganda<-case nmod amod
refiner<-amod
give<-aux nsubj iobj dobj mark
discretion<-case amod
name<-case nmod amod
loophole<-det amod
impulsive<-cop advmod nsubj
fight<-case nmod amod
treat<-xcomp dobj nsubj
comfort<-cop advmod det nmod nsubj
ideal<-nmod
yesterday<-cop nmod amod
find<-aux nmod nsubj
roam<-cc conj dobj nsubj
scam<-case compound det amod
Group<-acl:relcl compound
eat<-dobj mark
respondent<-det
testimony<-det nmod amod
pursuit<-amod
cap<-det nmod
area<-amod
g-2<-case det
call<-cop nsubj
spend<-advcl dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
raise<-cc aux conj nmod
farce<-det nmod amod
issue<-acl:relcl det
enemy<-amod
fat<-cc conj advmod
provide<-cc conj dobj nsubj
committee<-nmod:poss amod
knee<-case det
bury<-dobj nmod mark
segment<-amod nmod nsubj
billion.nekoosa<-compound
crime<-nmod
retrieve<-dep dobj nmod mark
Mexico<-case appos
cocktail<-dep cop amod det nsubj
reporter<-det nmod
cause<-dobj nmod nsubj
miss<-dep xcomp dobj
conclusion<-case det
seed<-case det amod
Raeder<-case
act<-case det amod
community<-case acl:relcl det
cent<-dep cop nummod nmod
Hanoi<-case
goal<-nmod:poss
edge<-nsubj
raise<-nsubj neg nmod dobj aux mark
shortage<-case det nmod
piece<-compound det amod
competitor<-dep
battle<-case det nmod
reflect<-xcomp nmod nsubj
year-end<-case cop
commercial<-cop
drop<-case compound
leave<-nsubj
pass<-aux nsubj nmod:tmod neg mark
Mazowiecki<-compound
doubt<-neg ccomp
arrest<-cc conj det amod
restructuring<-det acl
business<-case compound amod
surrender<-dobj mark
evaluate<-dobj mark
trouble<-case nmod:poss amod
attitude<-case det amod
Louisville<-case
bourbon<-case cc conj nmod
center<-det
more<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
outpatient<-cop nsubj advmod det amod acl:relcl
clerk<-nummod
mileage<-compound amod
work<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
satisfy<-cop advmod
say<-nmod
whisk<-nmod
give<-dep advmod nsubj
sure<-case cop conj cc nsubj
net<-nmod amod
cut<-amod
garden<-det amod
)<-nummod amod nmod compound
discipline<-det compound
need<-dobj nmod mark
69,980<-case
make<-aux compound:prt ccomp nsubj
Gulf<-case det nmod
profit<-acl
category<-case nummod
ball<-det
survey<-case det nmod amod
grain<-cop advmod nmod amod neg
difficult<-xcomp advmod
export<-case nmod:poss
kind<-nummod nmod
say<-aux dobj nsubj
member<-compound amod
driller<-dep amod
Kia<-dep
expire<-nmod:tmod nsubj
aide<-compound det amod
intact<-dep cop nsubj mark
higher<-dep
store<-case det nmod
crowd<-det amod
drop<-case compound det amod
award<-dobj nmod mark
guy<-discourse
confiscate<-auxpass nsubjpass mark
determine<-advcl
2.01<-dep
technology<-nmod:poss
compromise<-det nmod amod
settlement<-det amod
Georgia<-case
think<-cc conj dobj nsubj
machinery<-amod
close<-dobj nmod nsubj
Mittag<-dep cc conj compound
snap<-auxpass nmod compound:prt
challenge<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
benign<-advmod
practice<-det compound
rally<-det nmod
facility<-compound nmod:poss amod
forge<-advmod dobj
organization<-case amod
begin<-nmod:tmod nsubj
research<-dobj mark
argue<-nsubj ccomp advmod mark
unchanged<-cop
available<-ccomp
pass<-nsubj ccomp mark
sense<-nmod amod
coat<-appos det
design<-parataxis dobj nmod nsubj
wrath<-det nmod
reform<-nummod det compound
flirt<-auxpass nmod
anyone<-case advmod
Journal<-appos det nmod compound
contract<-dep compound nmod amod
prediction<-case advmod det amod
portfolio<-det nmod amod
instantly<-nmod:npmod
begin<-cc conj nmod nsubj
CORP.<-appos compound
Cowboys<-case det
snake<-nmod nsubj
exercise<-case det compound
strategy<-case det amod
interested<-nmod
lack<-cop acl:relcl det nmod amod
deck<-det nmod amod
point<-nummod det amod
Steinhardt<-dep compound
Committee<-compound
land<-advcl dobj mark
Beam<-case compound
regard<-nsubj dobj mark
provision<-nmod:poss nmod
Negas<-compound
Senate<-det compound
trading<-dep amod
care<-neg advcl nsubj
farmer<-case cc conj
be<-dep advmod ccomp nsubj
republic<-det nmod
Bynoe<-acl
talk<-det compound
subsidiary<-acl:relcl det amod
remain<-cc aux conj nmod nsubj
mortgage<-case det amod
sale<-case cc conj det
society<-case acl:relcl det
raise<-nsubj dobj nmod advmod advcl
rise<-advmod advcl
calculate<-dobj mark
publish<-dobj
promise<-dep xcomp nsubj
film<-case cc conj acl:relcl amod
fundraising<-case det
expensive<-dep nmod
recognize<-nsubj nmod mark
note<-xcomp nsubj
report<-nmod:poss nmod compound
leader<-det
approve<-dobj nmod nsubj
mention<-dep advmod nmod
family<-nummod
decrease<-dep mark
Ridley<-dep compound
parent<-case nmod amod
unnecessary<-cc conj
lawyer<-cc conj
consulting<-appos compound
edge<-advmod nmod compound
tenuous<-advmod
postpone<-dobj nmod mark
mind<-det amod
appear<-advcl advmod nsubj
(<-cop compound advmod amod
ally<-aux cop nsubj amod mark
firmer<-advmod
make<-aux dobj advmod nsubj
write<-xcomp aux advmod nmod
japanese<-advmod
effect<-case det compound
rise<-case compound
misrepresent<-dobj nmod nsubj
come<-advmod
journalist<-case
1987-88<-case appos
mind<-case det nmod
cocoa<-det
serve<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
life<-case nmod compound
conclude<-aux advmod ccomp nsubj
limit<-aux nmod nsubj
intend<-cop neg
attitude<-dep
stunned<-auxpass nmod:tmod advcl
defender<-cop amod det nmod nsubj
complete<-dobj
existence<-case det nmod
launch<-case nummod det nmod compound
address<-dobj nmod mark
clinch<-dobj nmod nsubj
hope<-nmod:poss
politics<-case compound
member<-case nmod amod
anything<-cc conj
nervous<-nmod
show<-neg ccomp
incident<-case amod
serve<-nmod compound:prt
enough<-xcomp cop neg nsubj
issue<-case nmod:poss amod
come<-advcl nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
difficult<-xcomp cop nsubj
orbit<-case nmod
%<-nummod nmod:poss
healthy<-advmod
movement<-det
issue<-dep amod
build<-case advmod dobj
worry<-ccomp
consider<-aux ccomp advcl nsubj
grow<-dep nmod:tmod nmod dobj
stock<-nummod nmod
broaden<-advcl dobj mark
eat<-dobj compound:prt
swamp<-auxpass nmod
GATT<-case
regulation<-cop dep neg advmod nmod amod dobj
issue<-cop det mark
fortune<-det
support<-nmod:poss amod
spend<-advcl nsubj
nation<-case nummod compound
composition<-dep det compound
car<-case cc conj nmod amod
count<-case compound
steal<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
Secretary<-nmod
Kloves<-compound
negotiate<-aux mark
allegation<-det
operation<-case cc amod compound conj nmod:poss
add<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
National<-case compound
post<-case nmod amod
complain<-ccomp mark
program<-nmod:poss compound
color<-cc conj nmod:poss
branch<-det
16<-advmod
commercial<-det compound
surgery<-case
500,000<-dep nmod
buy-out<-compound
July<-case amod
Nov.<-nummod nmod
run<-cc conj dobj mark
abuse<-amod
open<-nmod:npmod dep
scene<-case nmod:poss amod
urge<-advmod det
sikh<-case amod
597/8<-dep compound
expand<-ccomp nsubj
record<-cop nmod neg
stress<-case nmod
effort<-dep
Stevens<-case
turquoise<-case nmod
tax<-case cc conj compound
involve<-nsubj dobj mark
show<-aux nsubj ccomp nmod:tmod advcl
glut<-case cc conj compound
note<-dep det
build<-aux advmod compound:prt nsubj
commute<-case acl:relcl det amod
shop<-nmod
opportunity<-det
Lawson<-case det compound
Waltham<-dep
notion<-acl det amod
block<-case compound amod
amount<-case nmod amod
jack<-dobj compound:prt
theory<-case acl:relcl det amod
serve<-aux dobj neg nsubj
extent<-case dep det
handle<-advmod dobj
Monday<-case det
dream<-xcomp auxpass nmod compound:prt
know<-aux advmod nsubj
issue<-case cc conj amod
order<-case det
value<-compound det nmod amod
million<-advmod det nmod amod
close<-det nmod compound
pend<-advmod
day<-acl:relcl det
mine<-det nmod compound
less<-advmod advcl
Intermediate<-nmod compound
family<-nmod nsubj
promote<-dobj
version<-case nmod amod
book<-dep nmod:poss
machine<-nmod amod
give<-nsubj compound:prt dobj mark
sell<-xcomp aux nmod mark
happen<-nmod
send<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
live<-compound:prt ccomp mark
Gulf<-det nmod
what<-acl:relcl
enact<-nmod dobj
crawl<-advmod dobj compound:prt
stage<-dobj nsubj
bristle<-advcl nsubj
irritated<-aux nmod nsubj
overshadow<-cop nsubj nmod mark
Lyonnais<-case compound
government<-case det nmod amod
ideology<-case
Sept.<-nummod appos
send<-dep xcomp mark compound:prt nsubj
sit<-nsubj advmod mark
work<-xcomp nsubj
Miller<-dep compound
Chancellor<-det acl
car<-case amod
plunge<-det amod
trade<-xcomp cc conj
institute<-dobj
show<-aux advmod dobj
collection<-det
portion<-case det nmod compound
parent<-dep
Kaddurah-Daouk<-cc conj compound
form<-case nmod:poss amod
Estimate<-case
time<-dep cop nummod conj cc
happen<-advcl
study<-case acl:relcl compound
suit<-case compound
fear<-dobj nsubj
challenge<-case det
moxie<-appos det
ambitious<-case cc conj
design<-cc conj dobj nsubj
prevent<-aux advcl neg nsubj
kidney<-cc conj
help<-mark
retail<-nmod nsubj
declare<-dobj nsubj
assassinate<-auxpass nmod
litigation<-case dep compound nmod amod
that<-mark
punt<-cop nummod advmod acl mark amod
advance<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
Hess<-compound nmod amod
eat<-dobj nmod mark
2.625<-dep
sedan<-compound nmod:poss amod
721/8<-dep compound
solid<-nmod:npmod cop
Merc<-det
ago<-dep
return<-nmod nsubj
strength<-case det nmod
end<-advmod nmod nsubj
retain<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
Subcommittee<-case det compound
Curtis<-case compound
ship<-cc conj mark
talk<-cc conj nmod
way<-det ccomp
model<-case nummod det nmod
ship<-nmod dobj
control<-cop nmod:poss nmod nsubj
Showtime<-case
Bass<-case nmod compound
pass<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
researcher<-case nmod
connect<-dobj nmod nsubj
identification<-cc appos nmod:poss conj amod
action<-dep amod
be<-dep nsubj advmod expl
mow<-xcomp
audience<-acl:relcl det compound
find<-aux nsubj dobj nmod advcl
install<-advmod dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
property<-det compound
breach<-nmod
month.in<-case acl:relcl det amod
Salinas<-compound
age<-case det amod
say<-xcomp cc conj nsubj mark
take<-advcl nsubj dobj nmod:tmod mark
grade<-amod
show<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
commission<-acl:relcl det amod
girl<-acl:relcl det compound
business<-case amod compound
Afnasjev<-compound
organize<-dobj mark
policy<-compound det amod
quo<-case det compound
car<-compound nmod:poss amod
perspective<-det amod
bureaucrat<-case appos
delight<-det nmod
cause<-case compound
raise<-advcl nmod dobj
rejection<-case det amod
rise<-aux dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
reason<-det amod
stylist<-case cc conj det compound
farm<-case compound det nmod amod
pull<-compound:prt dobj mark
interest<-neg amod
value<-case dep det nmod
maker<-advmod det compound
loan<-dep amod
involve<-nmod ccomp
plants.in<-case
day<-case acl:relcl
recognize<-cc conj dobj nsubj
strive<-nmod nsubj
venture<-case cc conj det compound
cousin<-appos det amod
evident<-cop nmod
activity<-compound amod
stake<-nmod
partner<-case det compound
wages<-case amod
involve<-advmod nmod
(<-case amod
accounting<-det amod
opinion<-dep
everyone<-dep advmod
observer<-case
education<-cc conj
Avondale<-dep
victor<-det nmod
bond<-case nmod compound
sense<-ccomp nsubj
run<-compound:prt nmod mark
enough<-cop neg nsubj
need<-nsubj mark
export<-case compound
enable<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj
site<-case det
defendant<-case nummod nmod
direct<-cc cop conj
export<-dobj mark
analyst<-nmod amod
pace<-case cc conj det amod
parent<-cc conj
cause<-cop nsubj nmod mark
Boies<-compound
strife<-case nmod amod
equity<-nmod
)<-nummod nmod
project<-aux nmod dobj
cost<-case nmod:poss
conversation<-nmod amod
curl<-cc conj compound:prt
subjective<-cop
station<-case cc conj compound
teacher<-nummod
panic<-case det amod
join<-advcl dobj mark
move<-det nmod compound
Co.<-cc conj nmod compound
fly<-xcomp
destroy<-advmod dobj nsubj
analyst<-nmod compound
hire<-advmod dobj nsubj
residence<-case det nmod
approve<-cc conj nmod
should<-nsubj mark
monitor<-cc conj dobj nsubj
earnings<-case nmod:poss compound
program<-det acl
sell<-xcomp nmod nsubj
challenge<-case
Union<-cc conj nmod compound
product<-case amod acl:relcl compound
pinpoint<-cop nsubj cc advmod nmod conj
section<-nmod amod
feature<-acl:relcl nmod amod
Gatsby<-case cc conj det compound
cut<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj iobj aux
lose<-ccomp nsubj
nationalize<-advmod ccomp nsubj
unifier<-det nmod
fall<-ccomp nsubj
can<-nsubj nmod mark
page<-case nmod
Cocom<-case
supplies<-case amod
association<-det compound
store<-compound nmod amod
face<-cc conj dobj nsubj
interest<-nmod:poss amod
measure<-case det nmod amod
call<-xcomp ccomp nsubj
Helmsley<-case
Vaezi<-case compound
pipeline<-case cc conj det
quarter<-case acl det amod
charge<-case det nmod
produce<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
game<-amod
destruction<-nummod det nmod compound
look<-advcl advmod nsubj
revival<-det nmod
attention<-case
modest<-cop ccomp
$<-cop nummod appos nmod
squeeze<-aux compound:prt nmod nsubj
worrier<-det
reason<-cc dep conj nmod:poss nmod
Bush<-acl:relcl compound
Lehman<-compound
rush<-xcomp cop
range<-case appos compound det amod
accept<-advmod dobj nmod mark
charge<-cc aux conj advcl
computer<-case appos
march<-case det nmod amod
election<-nsubj mark
go<-aux nsubj nmod mark
devise<-dobj
revenue<-nummod nmod
sight<-acl:relcl det
people<-case cc conj
base<-case det acl
Bank<-case cc conj acl:relcl compound
structure<-dep det amod
PLC<-nmod:poss compound
start<-cc conj nmod:tmod nsubj
difficult<-dep
allow<-nmod mark
landfill<-case
report<-case det nmod amod
someone<-cop dep advmod det amod compound
date<-case det
nuance<-det amod
Lewala<-compound
rise<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
Terrorism<-case cc conj
right<-aux advmod cop neg nsubj
fraud<-case compound
sugar<-det
approve<-dep dobj nmod:tmod mark
decline<-nsubj advmod nmod:tmod nmod mark aux
note<-nsubj
cheating<-dobj mark
sell<-nsubj nmod mark
mine<-nmod:poss compound
aim<-nmod
$<-cop nummod nmod amod
Cos.<-compound
contradict<-advcl dobj nsubj
see<-aux advmod ccomp neg nsubj
Markets<-case compound
maturity<-advmod det amod
read<-dobj mark
Greenwich<-dep
investment<-nmod:poss
guess<-xcomp nsubj
lord<-dobj nmod nsubj
soil<-cc conj amod
dioxide<-cc dep conj nmod compound
R.<-case appos compound
similar<-advmod
%<-cop nsubj nummod advmod nmod mark
Harris<-compound
relieve<-aux advcl nsubj
independent<-advmod
November<-case amod
odd<-advmod
participation<-nmod:poss
desire<-case det
party<-dep amod
health<-cc conj
Huggies<-det amod
employee<-compound
most<-cop amod det nsubj
vote<-xcomp aux nsubj
movement<-case dep amod
seat<-nummod appos
time<-cop advmod det amod nsubj
scenario<-nummod
task<-det
resume<-advmod dobj
apple<-case amod
reinsurance<-compound
wail<-nmod mark
time<-cop ccomp det nmod amod
travel<-case compound
sight<-nmod
deeper<-cop nsubj cc ccomp aux conj
company<-case cc conj det amod
brigade<-compound det amod
term<-dep
Proleukin<-nmod
cover<-aux nmod nsubj
machine<-case det amod
yell<-dep nsubj iobj dobj
expect<-xcomp cc conj dobj nsubj
report<-mark
crust<-mark
spokesman<-amod nmod nsubj
Southerners<-dep
peddle<-mark
hotel-casino<-nmod:poss compound
20.125<-dep
seek<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
skid<-det
extend<-aux compound:prt nmod dobj
require<-ccomp nmod nsubj
Roberts<-dep compound
worth<-dep
accolade<-det nmod compound
tax<-case det compound
war<-compound det acl:relcl amod
activity<-case det amod
child<-case nmod:poss
Trend<-case compound
want<-advcl aux dobj neg nsubj
redefine<-aux dobj advmod nsubj
seven<-case advmod
notify<-cop nmod ccomp
manufacturer<-case amod
arrive<-nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
section<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
scrap<-nsubj dobj nmod:tmod mark
trouble<-case appos
position<-case compound det nmod amod
mile<-case nummod nmod
strain<-case nmod
Bucaramanga<-case
phenomenon<-case det
Stern<-case compound
carry<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
sewer<-case compound
margin<-cc conj
sanctuary<-det amod
Brands<-compound
agree<-aux nsubj nmod mark
faster<-case
lower<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
hall<-case
abandon<-xcomp aux advmod dobj nsubj
get<-dep nsubj
Lauren<-compound
parent<-case
GAF<-case cc conj
lawsuit<-case det
freight<-case dep
more<-cop nsubj nmod advmod mark
bludgeon<-nmod
Krenz<-dep compound
climb<-dobj nmod nsubj
dull<-cop advmod nmod
flow<-nmod nsubj
premise<-case det
country<-case nummod nmod
someone<-case advmod
center<-det nmod compound
get<-nmod advcl
welcome<-dobj nsubj
flawed<-advmod
gear<-advcl auxpass advmod nmod compound:prt
inspire<-xcomp nsubj nmod advcl
producer<-det nmod
royalty<-nmod:poss
to<-advmod
increase<-aux nsubj dobj advcl mark
room<-det nmod
problem<-case cc det amod acl:relcl conj
back-up<-nmod
test<-nmod compound
option<-det compound
Peters<-cc conj compound
sedan<-case dep compound det amod
watt<-case det nmod
depend<-advmod nmod nsubj
buddy<-det nmod amod
cd<-nmod amod
dance<-nmod:poss amod
limit<-cop nsubj mark
level<-dep det amod
lens<-amod
man<-case acl:relcl det amod
shorten<-dobj
reward<-neg dobj mark
control<-nmod nsubj
scarce<-nmod
development<-compound amod
Road<-cc conj
downs<-nmod
week<-case det nmod
artist<-case det amod
result<-case amod
Systems<-appos compound
Nov.<-case nummod acl:relcl
deductibility<-nmod:poss
protester<-det
wood<-nsubj
get<-dep nsubj dobj
man<-case det amod
option<-nmod:poss
decline<-xcomp
fertile<-cop nsubj nmod:npmod cc aux conj
Afghanistan<-case nmod
Newport<-case
Whitbread<-case
foot<-appos
kick<-nsubj compound:prt mark
employ<-nmod nsubj
industry<-det nmod ccomp
wreck<-dep compound
assert<-dobj mark
Watsonville<-case
addition<-det nmod amod
be<-xcomp neg expl advmod advcl
heart<-case cc conj det nmod
lawyer<-appos nmod:poss
Stockholm<-case
catalyst<-det nmod
disturb<-nsubj cc neg dobj dep aux conj
terrorism<-case cc conj
room<-det
construction<-amod
bottle<-case acl:relcl det nmod
have<-nsubj nmod mark
subtitle<-appos nmod:poss
cast<-xcomp auxpass
problem<-nsubj
ceo<-det
reject<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
Europeans<-det
Siemens<-dep
professional<-neg amod
bottom<-case det nmod amod
buy<-cc conj dobj nmod mark
beat<-dobj mark
offer<-xcomp aux nsubj
stay<-dep nsubj
WWOR<-nmod
commodity<-case amod
penalty<-det
488<-case
$<-case nummod advmod appos nmod
University<-case
fire<-cop
view<-cop nmod
proceedings<-det
36<-advmod
duty<-nmod:poss
become<-xcomp aux nsubj advmod mark
master<-det nmod
pay<-det nmod amod
lira<-dep cop nummod nmod dobj
manager<-det nmod
especially<-dep
quickly<-advmod advcl
May<-case nummod nmod
protect<-nsubj cc nmod ccomp dep aux conj mark
fuel<-cop acl:relcl nmod
provide<-aux nsubj neg advmod mark
serve<-dobj
submit<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
premium<-nmod
expect<-advmod dobj nsubj
sport<-nummod
good<-cop advmod mark
say<-xcomp advmod nsubj
carrier<-case det nmod amod
reason<-advmod acl amod
willing<-xcomp cop nsubj advmod mark
demand<-xcomp nmod
export<-nmod ccomp
group<-case dep nmod amod
taint<-case cop nsubj neg det acl:relcl advcl aux
charge<-nmod compound
membership<-dep
matter<-cop advmod det nmod nsubj
gain<-nsubj dobj mark
more<-cc conj advmod advcl
mix<-case det amod
year<-acl det amod
spending<-nmod:tmod nmod dobj
shot<-acl det amod
Bros.<-case compound
rate<-dep compound det amod
inform<-dobj ccomp mark
boost<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
reaction<-case nmod
pound<-det amod
inherit<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
split<-det nmod amod
Jakes<-case compound
win<-compound:prt dobj mark
deposit<-case amod
practice<-case cop advmod nmod compound
analyze<-dobj nsubj
Ltd.<-case acl:relcl compound
realism<-case cc conj
read<-nsubj cc nmod dobj conj mark
so<-dep
strike<-acl:relcl det amod
ease<-compound nmod:poss amod
issue<-nummod compound det amod
market<-case cc dep advmod det
prevail<-nsubj mark
packet<-det nmod amod
contend<-parataxis ccomp nsubj
investment<-acl:relcl det amod
claim<-case cc conj
knot<-case det
suggest<-nmod dobj
buy-out<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
shipment<-case
instrumental<-dep cop advcl
build<-dep advmod nsubj
age<-case det compound
here<-appos
fine-tuned<-advmod
run<-nsubj dobj mark
effusive<-cc cop conj advmod nsubj
retreat<-dobj nsubj
government<-case cc conj det nmod
settle<-aux advmod advcl nsubj
assess<-cc conj dobj
grow<-nsubj compound:prt nmod mark
make<-aux dobj neg
exercise<-advcl dobj mark
state<-det compound
visit<-case compound nmod:poss advmod amod
barrage<-case acl:relcl det amod
leader<-case acl:relcl det nmod
rating<-amod
let<-aux ccomp neg nmod nsubj
detail<-nmod amod
8.59<-case
take<-cc aux conj nmod nsubj
importance<-nmod:poss nmod
unavailable<-cop nmod nsubj
experiment<-ccomp nsubj
prove<-dobj advmod mark
convert<-case dep dobj
private<-cc conj advmod
able<-xcomp aux cop advmod nsubj
chemistry<-det amod
Hoffman<-case compound
exempt<-dep
freedom<-case cc conj
resistance<-det amod
ask<-dobj nsubj
museum<-case cc conj det
Germany<-cc conj compound
board<-acl:relcl det
jet<-cop cc appos advmod det nmod amod conj
appear<-nsubj dep advmod nmod:tmod nmod dobj aux
Turkey<-dep
Brothers<-case cc conj compound
sink<-dep amod det compound
classification<-case nmod:poss compound
15.97<-dep
demand<-det
breeze<-det
recount<-dobj mark
Beebes<-det
apartment<-case det amod
befall<-dobj nsubj
remain<-cc aux advmod xcomp nsubj
profession<-acl:relcl det
complete<-case
development<-case cc conj appos amod
way<-cop nsubj det nmod amod aux acl
protest<-case nmod:poss
go<-aux advcl nsubj
painting<-det nmod
acre<-det
buyer<-acl:relcl det
discussion<-case amod
Naperville<-case
attorney<-compound det acl:relcl amod
propose<-dobj nmod nsubj
Butler<-appos compound
spread<-auxpass compound:prt nmod mark
ballooning<-case nmod
urge<-nmod dobj
expense<-case compound
entrepreneur<-case
wind<-compound:prt mark
Mixte<-case dep acl:relcl compound
pretend<-ccomp mark
take<-aux dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
charge<-nmod amod
information<-acl:relcl det
vassal<-nmod
rely<-dep advmod nmod mark cc conj dobj
monopolize<-dep nmod nsubj
shark<-case amod
}<-nsubj ccomp dobj
amazing<-cop ccomp
role<-compound det nmod amod
put<-advcl nsubj dobj nmod mark
sell<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
dollar<-appos det
Oakland<-cc conj
portable<-nmod:poss nmod amod
%<-nummod acl
ban<-case det nmod amod
detail<-neg amod
explain<-dobj
heir<-cop amod det nsubj
admission<-case
seed<-compound
Dali<-case compound
be<-aux ccomp neg nsubj
increase<-case nmod amod
crucial<-cop nmod nsubj
surge<-nmod compound
extend<-nmod dobj
sex<-case cc conj
carry<-nsubj advmod dobj mark
issue<-cop nsubj nmod advcl
warm<-compound:prt dobj mark
nickname<-amod det compound
generate<-dobj advmod mark
narcokleptocrat<-det nmod
Loral<-case
ask<-advmod ccomp
stay<-case compound
comptroller<-det nmod
hand<-nsubj neg advmod dobj iobj aux
blow<-aux cop det nmod nsubj
just<-nmod:npmod nmod
sell<-ccomp nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
Exterior<-compound
Worth<-appos compound
$<-case dep nummod advmod nmod
try<-xcomp csubj
Insurance<-dep compound
raider<-case amod
require<-aux nmod
land<-dep det nmod compound
business<-amod compound
powerless<-xcomp aux cop advmod nsubj
suite<-case det
uncertainty<-nmod amod
value<-nmod:poss nmod
Edisto<-case
do<-nsubj advcl
promotion<-det nmod
responsible<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
Lieber<-case nmod compound
realize<-xcomp mark
smell<-advmod nmod nsubj
profit<-det nmod
due<-cop nmod:tmod
coupon<-det nmod amod
out<-aux cop nsubj nmod mark
state<-case acl:relcl det
decide<-nsubj ccomp advmod mark
fight<-xcomp nsubj
persuade<-dobj mark
believe<-aux nsubj ccomp neg advcl
fence<-cc conj
marque<-dep det compound
BethForge<-case
sick<-det
allegation<-nmod:poss
Islam<-case cc conj nmod compound
review<-case det nmod
usual<-advmod
article<-dep
Eastern<-cc conj
UAL<-case acl:relcl
adapt<-advmod nmod nsubj
suspend<-dobj nmod mark
month<-case nummod acl:relcl
clear<-cc cop ccomp neg nsubj
institution<-cc nummod conj
economy<-dep det amod
4.76<-dep
world<-dep det
program<-case det nmod compound
hold<-advmod nmod
reporter<-det
crush<-advmod dobj
wear<-cc conj dobj
decide<-aux nsubj ccomp
fold<-cc dep conj dobj nsubj
spend<-advmod ccomp nsubj
Motors<-dep compound
get<-nsubj compound:prt nmod mark
reorganize<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
York<-cc conj compound
tourist<-amod
conversation<-appos det nmod
find<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
model<-ccomp nsubj
lie<-nmod
guard<-aux nmod nsubj
dangerous<-advmod nmod
bet<-cop nsubj neg advmod det nmod amod
start<-advmod dobj nsubj
pound<-nummod advmod
June<-case nummod amod
surgery<-case amod
semblance<-det nmod
flourish<-mark
non-communist<-det
1989<-case advmod
s<-cc conj det amod
development<-neg acl amod
design<-aux advcl nsubj
epitomize<-dobj nsubj
capital<-case advmod amod
investing<-advmod nmod ccomp
Kellogg<-dep
consist<-nmod nsubj
computer<-case cc conj amod
philosopher<-cc conj compound
slide<-det
essence<-case cop det nmod
airport<-cc conj
rally<-compound det amod
help<-nsubj mark
run<-aux compound:prt dobj nsubj
know<-dep nsubj
discard<-aux dobj neg nsubj
League<-det compound
contact<-compound nmod nsubj
culture<-dep compound
loss<-dep det nmod
pay<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
judge<-case acl:relcl det amod
ban<-case det compound
freedom<-acl amod
surprise<-cop
Kidder<-case cc conj
market<-dobj mark
Intel<-case
flat<-nmod
arrest<-case cc conj
approve<-advcl dobj mark
lament<-nmod:poss nmod
convert<-auxpass nmod
reform<-mark
move<-appos
list<-case compound nmod:poss amod
Japanese<-advmod det
shift<-neg det nmod
cost<-cc conj nmod compound
facility<-case det amod
attractively<-auxpass nsubjpass ccomp
game<-nummod appos
pill<-case det
next<-case det
talk<-compound
provide<-dobj iobj mark
timing<-dep
military<-case cc conj det
fine<-det amod
five<-case advmod
dust<-nmod
Oil<-nmod compound
idiocy<-det nmod
sharper<-advmod
mining<-case compound amod
tree<-det amod
Wolf<-case compound
accord<-case det
machinist<-advmod
chance<-acl amod
250<-case dep
slip<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
Mae<-case compound
write<-compound:prt nsubj
release<-det nmod
exception<-dep nummod
react<-nsubj advmod nmod mark
man<-cc conj acl:relcl
Spadafora<-case cc conj compound
stadium<-case compound
nomura<-det amod
responsible<-cop nsubj nmod advmod mark
company<-amod compound
flaw<-cc conj advmod
educate<-xcomp dobj
Unida<-compound
use<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
Pilson<-cc conj compound
turmoil<-det nmod
willing<-xcomp
one-tenth<-parataxis aux dobj ccomp nsubj
agency<-dep det
argue<-advmod nmod advcl
arise<-advcl aux advmod nmod nsubj
consulting<-dep compound
home<-case nmod:poss
drag<-dep advmod dobj
permit<-aux dobj nmod neg
company<-dep case conj cc
afterward<-advmod
Canton<-compound
help<-dobj nmod nsubj
manage<-ccomp nsubj
borrow<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
Batman<-case dep
survival<-case
time<-cop advmod acl:relcl
leader<-nmod amod
place<-dobj nsubj
learn<-ccomp nsubj
Authority<-acl:relcl det compound
discourage<-aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod
price<-cop advmod acl nsubj
pay<-dep nsubj advmod mark
intend<-xcomp nmod nsubj
chop<-xcomp
homeless<-cc conj
clothes<-case acl:relcl
million<-advmod
embarrassment<-case det
force<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
agreement<-case det nmod amod
history<-det
brother<-nmod:poss
rise<-dep nummod det compound
child<-nmod compound
measure<-case nmod
slash<-dobj nsubj
native<-det compound
throw<-nmod mark
public<-nmod
slide<-compound det amod
reason<-nmod mark
journalist<-case det
man<-acl det amod
spire<-det
fair<-dep cop neg
technique<-dep det amod
flunk<-nsubj ccomp mark
train<-cc cop conj
world<-det nmod
community<-det
home<-compound
(<-advcl nsubj mark
client<-case cc conj amod
association<-case det compound
desire<-det
loss<-dep nmod:poss nmod
assess<-dobj nsubj
flag<-det nmod
environmental<-dep cc conj
efforts.they<-compound amod
delivery<-nmod amod
perhaps<-case
withdraw<-nmod
file<-ccomp nsubj
franchise<-det compound
and<-nsubj advmod dobj
discount<-dep compound amod
element<-nmod
Engelken<-dep compound
wander<-nmod nsubj
desk<-case dep acl:relcl
begin<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
pace<-det amod
well-known<-cop advmod nmod neg nsubj
yield<-case nmod amod
start<-case advmod det nmod
argument<-amod
hold<-aux nsubj ccomp mark
way<-case cc conj acl:relcl det
auction<-case appos det
speculator<-case compound
enhance<-dep aux auxpass advmod nsubjpass
lawyer<-case det nmod amod
enter<-aux nmod nsubj
party<-case acl:relcl det amod
compromise<-det nmod
Charleston<-case
Neas<-dep compound
cook<-case det compound
USAir<-nmod
distribute<-nmod advcl
game<-cc conj det
compare<-xcomp dobj nsubj
Libyans<-case det
ailment<-case
Nora<-acl:relcl
refer<-dobj iobj mark
purge<-cop nsubj cc advmod mark advcl conj
California<-acl:relcl
increase<-case amod
lend<-dep advcl dobj
fence<-case compound det nmod amod
record<-case dep nmod
spread<-nmod
coup<-det nmod
stressful<-advmod
order<-nmod:poss amod
room<-appos compound
name<-xcomp
approve<-nsubj dobj mark
identify<-aux dobj neg nsubj
cable<-case
moment<-case nmod amod
BankAmerica<-dep
planner<-compound
win<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
six<-case cc conj advmod
return<-xcomp aux nsubj
be<-parataxis ccomp nsubj
month<-appos amod
business<-appos det
copy<-nmod
practice<-dep det
support<-advmod amod
common<-xcomp cop advmod ccomp nsubj
ask<-dobj ccomp nmod nsubj
begin<-advmod dobj
Sears<-dep
pay<-advcl aux dobj nmod nsubj
refinance<-advcl mark
Corp.<-appos nmod compound
trouble<-dep compound acl amod
sell<-dobj iobj mark
obvious<-advmod
perfume<-det
home<-case cc conj det amod
proclaim<-dobj nsubj
everybody<-acl:relcl nmod
produce<-cc cop conj amod
York<-case cc conj amod compound
adults.but<-case nummod det
year<-dep amod
seek<-advmod dobj
affect<-aux nsubj dobj mark
finals.cbs<-xcomp nsubj mark
strong<-cop advmod
development<-cop det nmod nsubj
mark<-nmod compound
give<-nmod nsubj
oil<-advmod
Dodge<-compound
acquisition<-nmod:poss
worker<-nummod nmod
stiff<-cop
Showtime<-nmod
plunge<-nmod
rely<-cc conj advmod nmod
September<-dep
growth<-cc conj amod compound
try<-xcomp advmod
handful<-advmod det nmod
Foley<-compound
pay<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
ignorance<-case compound
two<-case advmod nmod
teach<-advmod dobj
watt<-nummod nmod
benefit<-xcomp nsubj
glimpse<-det
%<-case dep appos nmod compound
contract<-acl det amod
higher<-nmod:npmod cop nsubj nmod mark
spread<-nsubj ccomp mark
make<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
United<-cop
censorship<-dep det
crowd<-case det compound
hour<-dep nummod
spend<-advcl dobj nmod mark
considerable<-cc cop conj advmod
the<-case advmod
salesman<-det compound
Douglas<-compound
281/2<-dep compound
intelligence<-compound
singer<-cop compound nmod:poss mark
diagnosis<-det nmod
sightseeing<-cop cc neg expl aux conj
concerned<-nmod
123/8<-dep nmod compound
situation<-dep amod det nmod det:predet
here<-dep
higher<-nmod:npmod cop nmod
approve<-aux nmod neg nsubj
market<-case cc conj amod
sell<-neg nmod ccomp
use<-cc conj det nmod amod
ready<-aux cop nmod nsubj
advise<-xcomp nsubj dobj iobj advcl aux
31<-advmod
Scowcroft<-dep compound
predict<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
judgment<-amod
partner<-case nmod
touch<-case
Nixon<-case cc det amod compound conj
eight<-case nmod
shove<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
Marchers<-det compound
reserve<-case nmod:poss amod
magazine<-dep
insurer<-det amod
junk<-case
ok<-xcomp auxpass advmod
disappearance<-det nmod
preserve<-dobj nmod mark
tap<-advcl dobj nsubj
report<-nmod:poss nmod
tip<-nmod:poss
victim<-case nmod
napkin<-appos nmod:poss amod
number<-nmod:poss compound
see<-advmod nmod dobj
band<-case amod det compound
minister<-advmod det compound
improve<-advmod nmod:tmod nmod mark
region<-case amod
decline<-nmod mark
poltergeist<-cc conj compound
remain<-xcomp advmod mark
month<-appos advmod det
sell<-nsubj advmod dobj mark
water<-case det nmod
series<-case det nmod amod
consume<-nmod
call<-aux nsubj ccomp mark
build<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
lose<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
turn<-advcl compound:prt nsubj
trade<-compound:prt nsubj
drag<-nsubj cc advmod nmod mark aux conj
stake<-det
chairman<-case cc conj nmod:poss
practically<-advmod
dash<-case det nmod amod
existence<-case
fringe<-case det nmod
rival<-nmod amod
reaction<-det nmod
decline<-nmod dobj
dismiss<-dep compound
cycle<-case amod
phone<-case
loss<-dep det
think<-dep aux advmod
regard<-dobj nsubj
Bennett<-case compound
raise<-advmod ccomp
lack<-case dep det compound
mishandle<-nsubj advmod dobj nmod mark
dressmaking<-case
wrong<-cop nsubj advmod mark
wind<-case amod
negligible<-aux cop nsubj ccomp mark
strip<-case det compound
disappear<-nsubj
want<-advmod dobj nsubj
hospitable<-advmod nmod
hesitation<-case det
relate<-case compound
unit<-nmod:poss
interrogator<-case det nmod amod
day<-case nmod:poss
drive<-dep advmod dobj
house<-dep compound
Democrats<-case det
8:30<-case advmod
29<-case dep advmod
delay<-det
apple<-cop det nmod
difference<-cop advmod det nmod amod
damage<-cop
Kidder<-nmod
thought<-det nmod
case<-det nmod amod
on<-cc conj
find<-xcomp nsubj mark
Klein<-compound
part<-compound amod
timing<-nmod:poss
school<-case cop nsubj ccomp mark
turn<-cc conj nsubj nmod advcl
Square<-case nmod:poss compound
above<-ccomp
Boren<-nmod compound
brotherism<-case amod
lawyer<-cop det nmod
operation<-case det nmod amod
Sunbird<-amod nmod nsubj
Thatcher<-case nmod compound
affect<-nsubj ccomp advcl
Asilone<-appos
state<-case dep nmod
wave<-case det compound
game<-case nmod:poss
man<-case cc conj det compound
veteran<-case amod
resource<-case amod
set<-nsubj cc nmod dobj conj mark
add<-ccomp mark
push<-dep cop nmod nsubj
root<-compound:prt nmod mark
hold<-dep advmod dobj cc aux conj
site<-det nmod
Holdings<-compound
total<-dep compound amod
mansion<-case acl:relcl amod
decline<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
adult<-case compound
Azoff<-dep compound
ethos<-det nmod
building<-dep det
turn<-advmod nmod mark
two<-case cc conj nmod:tmod
member<-case det
crash<-cop advmod
watch<-nsubj compound:prt nmod dobj
Mesirov<-case cc conj
enough<-xcomp
kind<-cop det nmod
zone<-case compound
outside<-nmod
Revolution<-nmod:poss compound
pizzas-with-everything<-dep det nmod amod cc conj
world<-det amod
round-trip<-det
party<-cop nmod mark
Glassworks<-case
Administration<-case compound
1,000<-case dep
else<-dep
keep<-nsubj cc nmod:tmod nmod dobj iobj conj
clearinghouse<-case det compound
couple<-acl:relcl
decline<-ccomp mark
obvious<-cc conj
fetch<-aux dobj nsubj
develop<-nsubj nmod mark
public<-cc conj det
stake<-dep nmod:poss
break<-cc conj dobj mark
individual<-cc conj det
area<-case dep det amod
40<-dep compound
one<-case acl:relcl
group<-case amod det det:predet
property<-case cc conj amod
Care<-compound
polyp<-det
date<-case nmod
remark<-case nmod:poss amod
vote<-det
buy<-nsubj nmod mark
c<-case dep
official<-cc conj det nmod
owner<-nummod compound
suspect<-cop ccomp advcl
lead<-det compound
attempt<-xcomp aux nsubj
cool<-det nmod
invite<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass nmod compound:prt
damage<-acl:relcl det nmod
careful<-advmod
procedure<-cc conj amod
amend<-advcl dobj
fee<-case amod
see<-xcomp advmod nsubj
stock<-nummod det nmod compound
holder<-case amod
bar<-nmod dobj
Laband<-compound
willingness<-case dep acl cc conj nmod:poss
standing<-compound det amod
record<-nmod:poss compound
Gates<-compound
spokeswoman<-case det nmod
increase<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
West<-case compound
underestimate<-dep nmod
quarter<-nummod det
put<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
Leval<-case compound
anyone<-case nmod amod
Muramatsu<-appos compound
rise<-nsubj advmod mark
order<-nmod amod
over<-cc cop conj nsubj mark
down<-nmod:npmod nmod advcl
corner<-case acl:relcl det
indication<-neg amod
process<-case cop ccomp nsubj det acl mark
fight<-compound
Roman<-cop compound
glut<-case det nmod
downgrade<-det
common<-case
form<-xcomp mark
prediction<-case det amod
hypocrite<-det
logo<-compound nmod:poss amod
mail<-amod
story<-case det compound
album<-appos compound
example<-cop det amod
close<-cop
proportion<-dep det nmod
81,000<-case det
distribute<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
reversal<-det amod
time<-compound amod
sign<-case nmod
project<-ccomp nsubj
obstruct<-auxpass nmod
get<-aux advmod ccomp nsubj
climb<-amod det compound
rim<-det amod
hurt<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
Lawson<-det compound
busy<-dep ccomp
mourn<-advcl
education<-nmod:poss nmod
school<-case cc conj amod
man<-case cc conj nmod
policewoman<-det
fellow<-det amod
87.026<-case
debenture<-det nmod amod
earthquake<-nmod:poss
Stoltzman<-dep compound
circle<-case cc conj nmod:poss
send<-nmod nsubj
public<-case det nmod
flood<-case
criticism<-nmod
style<-det amod
tie<-aux nmod
bonus<-acl:relcl det amod
deficit.by<-compound advmod nmod:poss amod
announce<-dobj nmod nsubj
supply<-cc conj cc:preconj nmod
Gorbachev<-dep compound
project<-det compound
representative<-nmod:poss
night<-nummod acl
night<-compound amod
football<-dep nummod amod
vessel<-case det
cell<-case nummod amod
bill<-nummod nmod
democratization<-case
make<-xcomp aux conj cc nsubj
vulnerable<-cop nsubj advmod nmod advcl aux
appearance<-amod
20,000<-advmod
automatic<-case
grip<-nmod nsubj
write<-aux nmod ccomp
night<-det
May<-case cc conj amod
95.39<-case
own<-cc conj advmod dobj
Chapter<-case nummod nmod
bullion<-case
political<-nsubj
crane<-det
Namibia<-nmod
chance<-nmod compound
elsewhere<-case
realistic<-advmod
end<-case det acl
news<-case nmod amod
approve<-nmod:tmod mark
town<-cop advmod det nmod amod compound
defect<-cc conj compound
attack<-case cop nmod
family<-case dep amod
start<-det nmod
help<-xcomp nsubj advcl
$<-case dep nummod det
couple<-dep det
dictator<-cop nmod
study<-case det nmod amod
lead<-aux dobj nsubj
Boesky<-cc conj compound
market<-case cc conj
audience<-nmod:poss amod
borrow<-ccomp nsubj
1,647<-case dep nmod
experiment<-amod
goods<-case appos amod
shipment<-amod
support<-nsubj mark
outweigh<-advmod ccomp nsubj
senator<-case cc conj det acl
21/2<-advmod
Teagan<-compound
go<-nsubj nmod mark
instance<-det amod
chunk<-det amod
recruit<-auxpass nmod:tmod advcl
agency<-case compound nmod:poss amod
savor<-dobj iobj nsubj
prove<-dep dobj nsubj
close<-case det
study<-case det nmod
recruiting<-det compound
country<-cop dep advmod det nmod amod dobj
supply<-dobj
real<-cc conj advmod
quarter<-case nummod det nmod amod
service<-case det nmod
cotton<-case cc conj
wear<-aux nmod mark
support<-acl det amod
LIN<-cc conj
work<-nmod:poss nmod compound
basket<-det nmod amod
936<-case cop advmod
warrant<-nsubj dobj mark
station<-case compound det amod
more<-advmod advcl
position<-case compound amod
lawyer<-case nmod:poss
carry<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
Pentagonese<-case amod
theme<-case nmod:poss compound
skin<-amod
focus<-advmod nmod
Olay<-case acl:relcl
meeting<-nmod:poss
issue<-case nummod det
intimate<-advmod
Fed<-dep acl:relcl det
offer<-dep compound det amod
speak<-advmod mark
lag<-cop
60<-nmod
fall<-nsubj compound:prt mark
swiss<-cc conj dobj nsubj
restoration<-amod
fail<-nsubj mark
sip<-ccomp nsubj
conference<-case compound det nmod amod
fog<-case det
remake<-cop nmod
Woman<-cc conj
panelist<-case det
fee<-cc conj amod
aisle<-case cc conj det
178.375<-case dep
create<-advcl dobj
complete<-nmod dobj
refurbishing<-det amod
rush<-case compound
eager<-xcomp
Center<-det compound
opponent<-amod
Sidhpur<-case
May<-case amod
easier<-nmod
go<-nsubj neg nmod compound:prt aux mark
proportion<-case amod
Israel<-compound
go<-nsubj cc advmod nmod aux conj
project<-det amod
Dracula<-case cop nsubj nmod amod aux
yen<-case nummod nmod:tmod
Tharp<-compound
draw<-nsubj dobj mark
seem<-nsubj mark
disappoint<-dobj
energy<-cc conj
know<-dep advmod mark
keep<-dep advmod dobj
lithotripter<-det
bail<-compound:prt dobj mark
make<-xcomp nsubj ccomp mark
pile<-cop compound amod det nsubj
big<-cop nsubj advmod mark advcl aux
work<-nmod amod
act<-compound det amod
plunge<-case
people<-nummod acl:relcl
rice<-case
Bruckheimer<-compound
3.16<-dep
application<-case
Section<-dep nummod appos compound
base<-ccomp nmod nsubj
burden<-acl det amod
Department<-case nmod:poss compound
intervention<-amod
trouble<-nsubj ccomp mark
write<-advcl
murder<-case
collapse<-case det compound
suffer<-aux nsubj
constituency<-case dep advmod
contract<-case nmod amod
remember<-xcomp
Maynard<-nmod compound
exemption<-case cc conj acl:relcl det
entity<-neg compound
standard<-det nmod amod
one<-case dep nmod
standard<-cop det amod
quality<-amod
enough<-xcomp cop nsubj
prove<-nsubj dobj mark
prognosticator<-case det amod
push<-compound:prt nmod dobj
addition<-case det amod
$<-dep nummod advmod acl cc conj
Airlines<-case neg compound nmod cop
child<-acl
get<-cc advcl advmod dobj nsubj
default<-case det compound
1974<-case cc conj
later<-dep
moment<-case det amod
line<-case compound acl:relcl amod
Kong<-cc conj compound
express<-mark
force<-dep det compound
effect<-acl:relcl det
force<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
book<-case compound amod
price<-advmod compound
apparatus<-case det
36<-case dep conj cc
market<-ccomp mark
Ackerman<-compound
control<-cc conj nmod
Palestinians<-case det
help<-det compound
guideline<-det amod
or<-conj advmod
negotiate<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
siphon<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
policy<-case cc conj acl:relcl
pinpoint<-dobj mark
charge<-case nmod compound
Center<-case det compound
improvement<-case det nmod
future<-nmod compound
close<-nsubj dobj mark
say<-nsubj nmod ccomp
cuckoo<-case det
worst<-det nmod
large<-dep
costly<-cc cop conj advmod
security<-dep amod
Ortega<-case
suggest<-nsubj mark
notify<-dobj mark
expect<-xcomp advmod
divert<-aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod advcl
solve<-aux advcl neg nsubj
machine<-advmod det acl:relcl amod
Surprise<-det nmod
exploration<-compound
quota<-nmod:poss acl
guard<-case
320.54<-case
economist<-dep det
artwork<-case compound
contract<-det acl
purchase<-case det nmod amod
explain<-aux dobj neg nsubj
$<-dep cc conj
become<-cc xcomp nmod nsubj
pioneer<-dep cop nmod
do<-advmod dobj
Inc.<-dep appos compound
Boren<-dep compound
RDF<-case det nmod
Enquirer<-case det compound
increase<-aux dobj
plunge<-nmod compound
BPCA<-det
host<-case cop nmod
Hospital<-case compound
priority<-case amod
food<-case cc conj
horse<-case det
monopolize<-dobj mark
1872<-case
find<-dep dobj nsubj
venture<-nmod amod
dollar<-compound
soon<-nmod
policy<-case nmod:poss nmod
amend<-dobj
approve<-auxpass nmod
hospitalize<-cop
casting<-cc conj
guideline<-case det
present<-dobj nsubj
Rahn<-dep compound
Caterpillar<-case cc conj
incentive<-amod
live<-dobj mark
Branca<-acl:relcl compound
version<-det amod
castle<-case appos
church<-case det
mayor<-cop amod det nmod mark
representative<-case nmod
form<-dobj
spouse<-nummod
exchequer<-case appos det
experiment<-dep det
mobster<-case det
collapse<-case det nmod amod
behavior<-amod
cooperative<-det
Gomez<-compound
accuse<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass nmod
haul<-dobj nmod mark
adviser<-dep det compound
spark<-nmod dobj
operational<-cop advmod nmod mark
10<-case advmod nmod
wait<-case nmod
course<-case det nmod amod
Suez<-amod compound
material<-case cc conj
hold<-compound:prt advmod mark
illegal<-cc cop conj nmod nsubj
come<-aux nmod neg nsubj
article<-dep det
think<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
follow<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
fill<-ccomp nmod nsubj
Radzymin<-case
Dog<-appos det compound
increase<-nsubj nmod mark
charge<-aux nsubj
japanese<-cc conj
duty<-advmod acl compound
fame<-case compound
support<-dobj nmod mark
sex<-cc conj
boulevard<-det nmod
excuse<-cop advmod nmod neg
assassination<-nsubj nmod mark
167/8<-dep compound
jail<-compound
gush<-nmod nsubj
other<-case cc conj
selling<-case amod
change<-aux advmod nsubj
light<-amod
roll<-compound:prt dobj mark
do<-nsubj neg nmod dobj advcl aux
vote<-advmod ccomp mark
well<-case det compound
ride<-det amod
bring<-aux nmod
midday<-case
something<-case aux cop nsubj
event<-case det
project<-nsubj dobj mark
Porkapolis<-cc conj
positive<-case det amod
mid-1990<-case cc conj det
watch<-xcomp aux cop advmod nsubj
move<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
Kensington<-dep
monetarist<-cop advmod det acl:relcl amod
give<-nsubj neg advmod nmod dobj aux
cone<-dep compound nmod amod
King<-det compound
video<-case nummod
trillion<-case compound
milk<-case nmod amod
safe<-cop nsubj nmod mark
rain<-case dep amod
)<-dep compound
disability<-acl amod
advertiser<-dep advmod
U.S.<-det nmod
loyalty<-case det nmod amod
market<-nmod dobj
build<-dobj advmod mark
firm<-case amod compound
mind<-case amod
associate<-xcomp nmod nsubj
leave<-nummod
prosecution<-case det
War<-compound
season<-amod
Stick<-cc conj dobj
hitter<-det amod
ticket<-acl:relcl det
occurrence<-nmod:poss
category<-case compound det amod
mire<-nmod
polish<-case
Foods<-case compound
issue<-cop det nmod nsubj
sudden<-case appos det
subside<-compound
Ross<-dep compound
offer<-dep det compound
firm<-compound det nmod amod
lining<-det nmod amod
faster<-advcl
notion<-case nmod
Inc.<-case appos nmod:poss
35,000<-case dep nmod
cart<-det compound
threshold<-case det nmod amod
chain<-case compound
training<-case amod
interpret<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
crack<-dobj mark
breaking<-det compound
cost<-case cc conj det amod
Trust<-case det compound
Oct.<-case nummod appos
stop<-xcomp aux advmod
Workers<-det nmod compound
companion<-cc conj nmod:poss compound
occupancy<-cc conj
nothing<-cc cop conj nmod nsubj
open<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
BPCA<-case det
facility<-case
waffle<-case nmod compound
letter<-case det nmod amod
squadron<-det compound
syndicate<-case det
reopen<-aux nsubj nmod:tmod mark
market<-case compound amod
ball<-det ccomp
commander<-compound
take<-advcl dobj iobj nsubj
more<-nummod
as<-nmod:npmod nmod
crop<-case det
outflow<-amod
488.60<-case dep
Motorola<-dep
sweeten<-advcl dobj iobj nsubj
Acapulco<-case
definition<-det nmod
Grubb<-cc conj
stand<-neg nsubj dobj mark
call<-case det compound
province<-case amod
2,000<-dep det nmod
have<-dep dobj
pay<-aux nsubj nmod neg mark
drive<-det nmod
hope<-dep nmod:poss amod
Factorex<-appos
woman<-case nmod
set<-aux nsubj nmod mark
weak<-cop nmod
car<-nsubj
queen<-nmod:poss
conduct<-nmod nsubj
East<-case det
debt<-case appos compound amod
like<-advmod nmod
event<-case
acre<-nummod nmod
500,000<-dep acl:relcl
as<-advmod advcl
establishment<-det amod
capable<-advcl
arm<-cc conj nmod mark
favor<-advmod
weight<-case det nmod
cart<-compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
movement<-det compound
different<-cop nsubj mark
infringement<-det
approve<-aux nmod
offensive<-case det nmod
operate<-cc conj dobj nsubj
show<-case nmod
trot<-compound:prt dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
Sheinberg<-compound
state<-case compound det amod
mix<-det nmod
color<-compound
porch<-case nmod:poss compound
ministry<-case det nmod
)<-nmod
planning<-case amod
sink<-aux nsubj nmod mark
side<-nmod nsubj
climb<-dep dobj
term<-case det nmod amod
1,640,000<-case dep nmod
probation<-case
promote<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
Mint<-det compound
Treasurys<-case amod
1980<-case amod
Phoenix<-case
portfolio<-case nmod:poss compound
discrepancy<-det
undulate<-nsubj
year<-nummod det
arbitrary<-dep cc conj
Paribas<-cc conj
like<-ccomp
yen<-case cc nummod conj
spend<-xcomp nsubj advmod nmod:tmod dobj aux
visitor<-acl
sketch<-nmod amod
encourage<-aux dobj nsubj
environment<-case det det:predet
incentive<-cop advmod acl nmod amod
collect<-dobj mark
order<-compound det nmod amod
stake<-case nmod compound
acquisition<-case cc conj
lead<-cop nsubj advmod det nmod amod mark
Bank<-cc conj compound
Berlin<-case cc conj compound
check<-det nmod
presence<-det amod
affluent<-xcomp
feeling<-det nmod
expand<-case
month<-case dep
earthquake<-case
chauffeur<-cc conj dobj nmod mark
cough<-advcl mark
sign<-cop nmod compound
River<-case det compound
say<-dep nmod nsubj
change<-advcl advmod nmod nsubj
unite<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
house<-case det compound
add<-advmod ccomp nsubj
rock<-det compound
equipment<-dep
ask<-xcomp aux dobj nmod nsubj
Bureau<-compound
sector<-case det nmod
}<-case nmod compound
coffin<-case det
denomination<-case cop advmod nmod nsubj
worth<-case det nmod
boast<-dobj nmod nsubj
observe<-dobj nmod nsubj
settle<-dobj nmod mark
leave<-dobj nmod mark
about<-xcomp nsubj neg nmod mark aux
Engelken<-cc conj compound
supplier<-compound
I<-nsubj
too<-dep nmod
Secretary<-acl:relcl nmod
hero<-amod
rating<-nmod
wish<-xcomp nsubj mark
China<-case acl:relcl
festoon<-nmod compound
two<-case cc conj
Management<-case
people<-case nmod:poss amod
executive<-nmod:poss amod
cost<-case cc conj compound
duty<-case amod
Pilsudski<-case compound
switch<-auxpass advmod nmod
trespass<-case cc conj
Croix<-case compound
do<-aux advcl dobj
executive<-nummod compound
1<-cc nummod conj acl
force<-nsubj cc nmod compound:prt conj dobj
{<-dep cop nsubj nmod dobj
well<-advmod advcl
coalition<-dep det amod
Machinery<-cc conj nmod:poss
proponent<-det nmod amod
shoot<-aux dobj neg
jam<-case det nmod compound
grab<-case compound det amod
Kidder<-cc conj
soldier<-det
venture<-case compound
maturity<-det nmod amod
yield<-nmod ccomp
see.near<-aux nsubj dobj mark
%<-cop nummod advmod nsubj
Utilities<-case compound
woman<-acl:relcl det
jail<-aux advmod ccomp mark
seek<-aux nmod dobj
husband<-case
publish<-parataxis advmod ccomp nsubj
expect<-nmod dobj
three<-cop advmod nmod
short-term<-cc cop conj advmod
Vinson<-case compound
world<-case det nmod compound
Group<-case det compound
sound<-advmod
likely<-xcomp cop nsubj neg mark
Bush<-case acl:relcl compound
row<-case nmod
step<-advcl aux dobj nmod compound:prt
probe<-compound
apply<-nmod
associate<-cop nmod mark
subscriber<-nummod compound
depletion<-compound
strategy<-case nmod:poss nmod
woman<-compound nmod amod
understandable<-cop nsubj
$<-case nummod acl:relcl
relate<-advcl nsubj nmod mark
slack<-det
firm<-dep compound amod
strip<-case det nmod
banker<-cc conj
business<-case dep det
chairman<-nmod compound
modish<-cc cop conj
smashing<-nmod dobj
towel<-compound
movement<-compound det amod
work<-xcomp compound:prt
split<-advmod dobj mark
announcement<-case det amod
machine<-case
adjust<-nmod mark
partner<-det compound
mislead<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
Schreibman<-appos compound
speculation<-case compound amod
pay<-aux nmod mark
cent<-nummod compound
know<-nsubj dep neg ccomp aux mark
July<-case dep appos advmod
1.44<-dep
agent<-case nummod compound
blow<-cop advmod det nmod amod
make<-aux nsubj nmod neg mark
centralize<-dobj mark
release<-case neg compound
make<-dep nmod nsubj
contract<-case dep det
financier<-det amod
consult<-cc conj
ally<-case amod
surge<-case det nmod
claim<-advmod nmod nsubj
nuance<-cc conj det nmod
investor<-nmod amod
estimate<-cc conj
scandal<-case acl:relcl det compound
134,000<-case dep nmod
fund<-case nummod det amod
see<-aux nsubj ccomp advmod dobj
month<-appos advmod det amod
opinion<-det nmod amod
today<-amod
give<-aux dobj iobj advcl nsubj
light<-compound:prt dobj
step<-case compound
compliment<-det amod
paev<-auxpass advcl nsubjpass dobj
expect<-xcomp nsubj advmod nmod mark
stand<-case det compound
describe<-dep nsubj dobj
break<-cc dep conj dobj compound:prt
Clara<-compound
fill<-advcl nsubj
raise<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
kingpin<-nmod:poss
watch<-ccomp
fare<-det amod
advantage<-det
even<-advmod
volatility<-case det nmod
outflow<-nmod
fool<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
turn<-nmod compound:prt
tragic<-cc conj
earn<-ccomp nmod nsubj
harshness<-case det nmod
be<-expl nsubj advmod mark
bear<-cop nmod mark
{<-case
partner<-case dep det
forget<-ccomp
nothing<-appos advmod
freeze<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod compound:prt
estimate<-case det acl
be<-xcomp parataxis nsubj
important<-appos advmod
Jefferies<-compound
those<-case acl:relcl nmod
tax<-nmod:poss
baby<-det
change<-cc aux conj neg nsubj
Flashdance<-case det
hold<-cop advcl
ability<-nmod:poss nmod
take<-ccomp
ask<-nsubj nmod mark
reaction<-case
campaign<-case det acl
they<-dep advmod
viewer<-compound
bet<-det nmod
recession<-case nummod det nmod
work<-case det nmod
own<-cc conj dobj
system<-dep nmod:poss compound
Young<-case compound amod
need<-xcomp mark
asset<-nmod compound
Mexico<-case compound
center<-compound det nmod amod
flee<-nmod mark
willing<-xcomp cop nsubj cc mark advcl conj
reinforce<-dobj
priority<-cop amod det nmod nsubj
work<-case cop det nsubj
election<-case nmod:poss
believe<-xcomp nsubj mark
yield<-aux dobj nsubj
ensure<-advcl dobj mark
form<-aux advmod nmod dobj
benefit<-dobj
method<-aux cop advmod nmod:poss nsubj
counsel<-case compound det advmod amod
energy<-det compound
advertiser<-case amod
find<-cc ccomp nsubj
attraction<-det det:predet
directive<-case det compound
need<-aux nsubj dobj advcl
state<-case cc conj
go<-advcl advmod nmod nsubj
Pushkin<-nmod
year<-det nmod amod
extend<-dep mark
counter<-parataxis advcl dobj mark
follow<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod mark
ruble<-case nummod
rating<-case det amod
replay<-det nmod
anybody<-nmod
package<-nmod acl
victory<-case nmod:poss nmod
complete<-dobj nsubj
demand<-nsubj dobj mark
2423.9<-case
glimpse<-acl:relcl nmod
quality<-case cop compound
close<-cop advmod nmod
jacket<-nmod compound
club<-nmod compound
work<-case cc conj compound amod
case<-amod det det:predet
Sutton<-compound amod
reliance<-nmod nsubj
area<-case cop nsubj cc det nmod compound conj
abstinence<-cc conj nmod amod
McCaw<-dep
output<-nmod:poss nmod amod
sway<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj
enactment<-det nmod
offer<-det acl
come<-advmod compound:prt nmod nsubj
aid<-case appos amod
position<-cop amod compound
declare<-parataxis advmod ccomp nsubj
party<-cop nsubj det nmod mark
crop<-dep det compound
notebook<-det
lose<-aux dobj
elite<-acl:relcl det compound
Ford<-appos compound
follow<-nsubj dobj nmod advcl
add<-nsubj
anyone<-mark
fallacious<-advmod
convince<-dobj mark
lead<-aux ccomp nmod nsubj
soiree<-amod
chair<-case det nmod compound
stimulator<-case appos det
picketing<-case cc conj amod
oasis<-cop amod det nmod nsubj
be<-neg
act<-nummod det
proceed<-mark
afraid<-xcomp cop
uprising<-case nmod:poss nmod
change<-iobj dobj
entry<-cop amod nmod:poss nmod mark
norm<-case det nmod
set<-aux compound:prt dobj advcl nsubj
Y&R<-case
site<-cc case det nmod amod
recognize<-dobj nmod nsubj
prove<-xcomp nsubj mark
group<-dep amod
Cranston<-compound
unable<-xcomp aux cop nsubj
non-user<-nmod
payment<-nmod:poss compound
compare<-advcl nsubj
manager<-case det compound
4.8<-advmod
infamous<-nsubj
something<-cop amod
expect<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
material<-case
obligation<-case dep nmod
Anderson<-compound
program<-compound det nmod amod
Chin<-appos compound
fuel<-dep dobj
JAL<-case
1.58<-dep
dealer<-compound
recovery<-case det
Jugend<-det compound
market<-compound nmod:poss amod
Corp.<-compound det amod
identify<-dobj nmod nsubj
doldrums<-case det compound
continue<-aux nmod ccomp
form<-case det
executive<-acl:relcl det compound
long<-nmod
participant<-cop compound det acl:relcl amod
2.56<-dep
cut<-dep cc conj nmod compound
Tiger<-compound
slow<-cop nmod
portfolio<-case det
inspire<-cc conj nsubj
serve<-advmod nmod nsubj
watchdog<-case cc conj nmod:poss
integrate<-cc conj advmod
rack<-advcl auxpass dobj nsubjpass compound:prt
slip<-det nmod amod
impossible<-xcomp cop nsubj
plate<-advcl nsubj mark
interest<-nmod nsubj
factor<-det amod
fix<-dobj nmod mark
discover<-advcl aux dobj neg nsubj
editorial<-det nmod
head<-det nmod compound
volume<-case
outperform<-dobj nmod nsubj
Richmond<-appos
earthbound<-cop nsubj cc nmod aux conj
telephone<-dep
telephone<-det
convert<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
17<-case nmod
shop<-cop cc nummod advmod nmod amod conj
fight<-dobj
statistics<-case compound
drama<-case cc conj amod
coin<-case
jury<-det amod
influx<-det nmod amod
work<-xcomp nsubj mark
1.35<-dep
campaign<-case acl:relcl det amod
get<-nsubj dobj nmod advcl
level<-aux nsubj compound:prt nmod mark
move<-xcomp nmod nsubj
invest<-dobj nsubj
face<-case compound
road<-case cop nsubj det nmod mark aux
vote<-dobj iobj nmod nsubj
story<-case nummod compound
abandon<-aux nsubj dobj mark
mania<-case det nmod compound
volume<-dep nmod
consider<-aux mark
seed<-nmod:poss
buddy<-compound nmod nsubj
Pentagon<-cc conj det
beast<-case amod
safety<-cc conj
hear<-aux dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
reaction<-case det amod
enterprise<-amod
business<-det nmod
reasonable<-xcomp
manage<-xcomp advmod nsubj
take<-aux advmod nsubj
once<-case
tumor<-nmod amod
expect<-xcomp nsubj neg nmod mark aux
Messiah<-nmod compound
oversight<-case
II<-case advmod det compound
successful<-dep cop nsubj nmod mark
enjoy<-nsubj cc advmod dobj advcl aux
ghost<-amod
sweat<-det nmod
television<-cop compound advmod neg nsubj
be<-aux advmod ccomp neg nsubj
connection<-det nmod
cycle<-case det amod
hope<-nmod nsubj
warming<-amod
whole<-det
condition<-case nummod
tell<-mark
shoot<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod advcl
consultant<-det compound
man<-dep
revision<-det compound
frustrate<-auxpass nmod ccomp
disrupt<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
storm<-det amod
sell-off<-case compound nmod:poss amod
survive<-nsubj
risk<-case det
suffer<-advcl nmod nsubj
initially<-nmod:npmod
program<-case appos det
tilt<-advcl dobj nmod mark
farm<-case det compound
bar<-compound acl amod
purpose<-case det nmod amod
2662.91<-case
interruption<-det nmod
Santa<-dep compound
hire<-cc conj dobj mark
rough<-nmod:npmod ccomp nsubj
Bush<-nmod compound
fun<-case
yell<-advmod ccomp nsubj
military<-cc conj
campaign<-det nmod
reopen<-dobj
Liberal<-nmod compound
seconds<-nummod acl
target<-case nmod compound
responsibility<-nmod amod
meeting<-det compound
payable<-aux cop nmod:tmod nsubj
mean<-nmod dobj
ally<-amod
psychological<-cc conj
accuse<-cc auxpass nsubjpass conj nmod
flight<-cop nummod nmod nsubj
parent<-case cc nummod conj
dump<-cop nsubj dep mark compound aux
write<-dobj
Buckley<-compound
value<-nmod nsubj
Maynard<-dep compound
withdraw<-nmod mark
pulchritude<-case compound
property<-nmod amod
have<-nsubj ccomp dobj
wing<-case det amod
Institute<-compound
installation<-case compound
bizarre<-cc conj
turn<-ccomp advmod compound:prt nsubj
do<-cc conj dobj mark
lift<-dep aux dobj nsubj
blue<-case cc conj compound amod
detail<-case nmod
we<-dep cc
also<-cc dep
tab<-det amod
Bond<-case cop cc amod compound conj mark
administer<-xcomp mark
country<-case compound amod
rate<-case det nmod compound
moisturizer<-appos det
reshuffle<-dobj
life<-cc conj advmod amod
invite<-auxpass nmod
86<-case dep
argue<-ccomp nmod nsubj
halt<-ccomp mark
Area<-case det compound
stable<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
range<-compound nmod amod
case<-cop det nmod
Moliere<-case amod
goal<-det
Verwoerd<-compound
shipyard<-case det
hold<-aux nmod
command<-det nmod amod
add<-aux dobj nmod:tmod advcl nsubj
N.Y.<-case compound
agree<-dep xcomp nsubj mark
peace<-compound
throw<-nmod
half<-advmod acl
branch<-appos det nmod
bring<-cc conj nmod
massage<-case appos det
affair<-case nmod:poss compound
yen-denominated<-amod
opinion<-case amod
go<-cc conj advmod nmod nsubj
people<-nummod advmod
architecture<-amod
car<-advmod det
unpredictable<-advmod
sanitize<-auxpass advmod
product<-nummod amod
party<-dep
part<-cop nmod amod
McDonough<-case compound
test<-compound
artwork<-case
prepare<-nmod mark
volatility<-dep det
toy<-cop advmod acl nmod nsubj
player<-case compound det amod
user<-case
congressman<-dep amod
editor<-case det nmod
offer<-iobj nmod dobj
mystery<-dep cop det
express<-cc dobj ccomp nsubj
chain<-acl:relcl det amod
firm<-cc conj amod det compound
alleviate<-nmod dobj
f<-nmod:poss compound
cigarette<-nmod amod
1950<-case
150<-dep
provision<-acl:relcl det
school<-nmod
omit<-dobj nmod nsubj
chairman<-det nmod amod
1987<-appos advmod
catch<-dobj nmod nsubj
killing<-det nmod
discrimination<-dep nmod amod
digging<-amod
blackmail<-auxpass nmod mark
insist<-nsubj ccomp
yes<-ccomp
director<-det compound
insurer<-compound nmod:poss amod
say<-dep aux neg nsubj
shut<-cc conj compound:prt mark
paragraphing<-appos amod
something<-aux advcl nsubj
anger<-acl:relcl
mainframe<-compound nmod nsubj
write<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
retain<-aux ccomp nsubj
decide<-nsubj
team<-compound
bring<-dep aux nsubj nmod mark
school<-case det nmod amod
purchase<-case
represent<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
suppose<-cc xcomp auxpass nsubjpass
polluted<-advmod
installation<-case nmod:poss
membership<-case det nmod amod
have<-cc advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
take<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
interest<-case acl:relcl det compound
News<-dep compound
visit<-case nmod:poss amod
fall<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
peace<-case
Dollar<-cop compound nmod nsubj
broker<-nmod:poss
importantly<-advmod
rule<-aux compound:prt dobj neg nsubj
portfolio<-amod
headline<-case
steelmaker<-case nmod:poss amod
spook<-aux nsubj dobj advcl
time<-det compound
H<-acl:relcl compound
right<-dep cop mark
own<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
subordinate<-dobj nmod mark
die<-nmod ccomp
Guy<-appos compound
attract<-dep ccomp nsubj
craze<-acl:relcl det compound
series<-det nmod amod
intellectual<-dep det
restructure<-dobj nmod mark
penny<-case nummod acl
amass<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
president<-case det nmod
left<-cc conj dobj nsubj
October<-case appos
glove<-det
April<-case cc conj
season<-case det
benefit<-case nmod:poss compound
pressure<-case cop nmod ccomp
average<-dep det compound
demand<-case det amod
rise<-dep compound nmod amod
break<-det nmod
keep<-aux dobj nsubj
output<-nmod compound
look<-xcomp nmod
get<-xcomp aux
address<-dep nsubj dobj mark
aztec<-cc conj
fold<-cc conj dobj nsubj
enforce<-auxpass nmod
story<-case amod
prison<-case nmod
32<-advmod
exceed<-nsubj dobj mark
general<-det compound
centerfielder<-case acl:relcl
Cross<-case det compound
send<-nsubj iobj nmod dobj mark
Macy<-cc conj compound
area<-nmod amod
response<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
convict<-auxpass nmod mark
make<-dep advmod dobj nsubj
dollar<-dep
foot<-nummod acl
turn<-aux dobj compound:prt nsubj
make<-dep nsubj dobj
screenplay<-det nmod acl
senator<-cop det amod
penalty<-case det
nun<-det
attempt<-det acl
department<-det compound
long<-case advmod nmod
greet<-aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod
buy<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj conj
Quayle<-cc conj compound
bond<-compound nmod amod
outstanding<-nmod:tmod
basis<-case nmod
insurance<-cc conj compound
plant<-aux dobj nsubj
combine<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
surge<-compound amod
base<-aux nsubj nmod advmod mark
decline<-nmod:poss nmod
call<-cc conj ccomp nsubj
question<-cop advmod acl:relcl neg
come<-auxpass advmod
bequest<-case det amod
sustain<-nsubj dobj mark
water<-acl amod
somewhere<-nmod:npmod
leave<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
irrelevant<-cop
fend<-compound:prt dobj mark
Power<-case cc conj compound
task<-cc conj amod
complete<-cop advmod nsubj
Realist<-case
six<-advmod
status<-nmod:poss
ratio<-amod
turn<-advmod dobj
negotiator<-compound
begin<-cc conj dobj mark
ripple<-det compound
acknowledge<-cc conj dobj
subversive<-advmod nsubj
carrier<-case
be<-cc ccomp
ignore<-dep dobj
reform<-dep compound
fever<-compound
climb<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
point<-cc nummod nmod:poss conj amod
hotel<-cc conj
appoint<-dobj nmod mark
Republican<-case det
cycle<-det
kind<-case det nmod amod
trading<-nmod dobj
restaurant<-nummod
conclusion<-case
Fournier<-compound amod
restructuring<-det nmod
drop<-compound amod
syndrome<-case det amod
Volcker<-compound
participation<-amod
meeting<-case amod
20<-case dep
join<-dobj advmod mark
impound<-cc aux conj nmod nsubj
sever<-neg dobj mark
sale<-case cc conj
restore<-cc aux conj nsubj
face<-advmod nsubj
renew<-dobj
length<-case det nmod
case<-nummod det
debate<-dep advmod amod
Security<-case cc conj compound
cut<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
disclose<-dobj
bond<-det nmod amod
vehicle<-case cc nummod det amod compound conj
issue<-case dep nummod amod
continue<-cc conj dobj nmod mark
coyote<-nmod
treatment<-det amod
object<-amod
mediocre<-cop advmod mark
incentive<-nmod:poss
System<-det compound
trading<-dobj nsubj
tally<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
I<-acl:relcl
city<-case advmod det
base<-det
growth<-case det
time<-dep acl:relcl det amod
aid<-case compound
layout<-det
TNN<-case appos det compound
have<-nsubj cc advmod ccomp aux conj
airwave<-case nmod
cross<-dobj nsubj
prosecution<-case amod
answer<-cop det nmod neg nsubj
Tuesday<-det
institute<-cc conj dobj
prepare<-dobj nmod mark
do<-dep advmod dobj
statute<-case det amod
businessman<-case amod
account<-compound nmod amod
measure<-case compound
macroeconomic<-nsubj dobj mark
branch<-advmod det nmod
thing<-nummod acl:relcl
explain<-dobj mark
trigger<-aux nmod
sort<-cc conj dobj nsubj
assert<-nsubj ccomp advcl
rise<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
July<-appos amod
team<-appos det
Cleveland<-appos compound
supporter<-case nmod:poss
complaint<-case det
know<-aux nmod ccomp
bank<-case nummod
escalator<-case amod
total<-compound amod
store<-case nummod
trader<-advmod
apply<-dobj
restructuring<-cc conj
pay<-aux nmod nsubj
auction<-nmod:poss
burn<-cop advmod nmod
Texas<-case acl:relcl
move<-nsubj nmod mark
spin<-nsubj compound:prt nmod dobj mark
operation<-case cc conj compound amod
adopt<-dep cop nmod
University<-det nmod
banker<-case
growth<-cc conj det nmod
example<-case det nmod
fire<-det
Tilly<-nmod compound
rise<-det acl
story<-det nmod
seek<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
race<-case
response<-cop acl det nmod nsubj
13th<-case det
introduction<-det nmod
subsidiary<-det compound
Bronx<-det
gin<-appos compound amod
patrol<-case compound
go<-advmod dobj nmod mark
shot<-nmod
fraction<-case cop cc det nmod conj
match<-aux nsubj dobj mark
giant<-det amod
fortunately<-ccomp
somewhere<-cop nmod nsubj
sector<-det nmod
take<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
flood<-det nmod
Ortega<-nmod compound
army<-det
volume<-det nmod amod
report<-dep compound det amod
cost<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
use<-dep nsubj dobj mark
beat<-dep nsubj
act<-advmod nsubj
enhance<-nsubj dobj mark
make<-cc aux conj nsubj
recourse<-case amod
crisis<-case det
sabotage<-cc conj
front<-case acl:relcl det nmod
support<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
Biny<-case
feel<-dobj nmod mark
one<-cop det nmod
cruel<-parataxis aux cop nmod nsubj
confront<-cc conj nmod ccomp
contest<-det amod
800,000<-case dep advmod
Thursday<-case appos
machine<-dep det compound
conference<-det nmod compound
bring<-cc advmod mark auxpass nsubjpass conj
melody<-case amod
tote<-dobj nmod nsubj
environment<-det nmod amod
team<-case nummod nmod compound
Camry<-nmod:poss
profit<-case cc conj det nmod
market<-case cc det nmod amod conj
allow<-xcomp aux dobj nmod nsubj
have<-aux advcl nsubj
Perspective<-case compound det amod
figure<-cc ccomp
uproar<-acl:relcl det
Holliger<-det compound
mission<-nmod:poss
deadlock<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass
endorse<-dobj
higher<-cop advmod advcl
let<-advmod ccomp nsubj
store<-cc acl:relcl
be<-nsubj cc advmod ccomp dep conj
sunshine<-case
coup<-case det
11.625<-case dep advmod
money<-advmod acl amod
increase<-ccomp mark
veto<-nmod:poss nmod
hire<-case
gain<-aux nsubj dobj advcl
some<-amod
443/4<-dep compound
owe<-dobj iobj nsubj
pay<-cc conj advmod dobj
army<-case det amod
shore<-case det compound
big<-xcomp cop advmod nsubj
civilian<-advmod
distribution<-det
division<-det
efficiently<-advmod advcl
rating<-cc conj nmod:poss
roadblock<-det acl
senator<-case cc conj det
keep<-dep mark
want<-xcomp nsubj dobj advmod mark
number<-appos det amod
chemical<-case nummod acl:relcl
543/4<-dep nmod compound
blacklisting<-dep amod
fall<-cc conj dobj ccomp nsubj
consist<-advcl nsubj
Boyd<-dep compound
beef<-compound
453/4<-dep compound
thought<-dobj nmod nsubj
now<-cop
move<-cc conj det amod
indictment<-case det amod
end<-xcomp aux nsubj
improvement<-case cop ccomp
exceed<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
foe<-nsubj
Banks<-case cc conj compound
good<-cop advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
someone<-det amod
wage<-auxpass advcl dobj
pale<-dobj nmod nsubj
delivery<-compound
hard<-aux cop nmod nsubj
have<-nsubj neg ccomp advcl aux mark
begin<-xcomp nmod advcl
child<-dep cop advmod nmod:poss nsubj
see<-aux mark
part<-cop det nmod amod
citizen<-case
victim<-dep cop advmod ccomp nsubj
stop<-nmod nsubj
mart<-nummod compound
treatise<-case det amod
pump<-auxpass nmod mark
older<-dep
change.but<-case det compound
whimsy<-case
dismiss<-dobj nsubj
wander<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
break<-aux advmod nmod:tmod advcl nsubj
Italy<-case compound
day<-cop nsubj det nmod amod aux
log<-advcl advmod nsubj
crumple<-dobj
wife<-nmod:poss
do<-parataxis aux advmod
Senate<-advmod det
curator<-case
23<-case
sponsor<-det nmod
put<-cc conj compound:prt dobj nsubj
reactor<-case nmod:poss
hurt<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
pay<-advmod dobj nsubj
plummet<-compound
line<-case det amod
distinctive<-cop nsubj cc nmod mark conj
slowdown<-case det nmod amod
agree<-aux ccomp nsubj
senior<-nmod:npmod
activity<-nmod nsubj
price<-cop compound amod nmod:poss nsubj
play<-det nmod amod
Bolinas<-compound
60.25<-advmod
agree<-advmod nmod
commercial<-case compound
push<-xcomp advmod nsubj
slow<-aux nsubj dobj compound:prt advcl
choice<-cc conj
retire<-aux
pay<-advcl dobj nsubj
guess<-dobj nsubj
I<-case det amod
manager<-cc conj det compound
hold<-xcomp aux
alienate<-dobj nsubj
produce<-dep aux advmod dobj nsubj
describe<-aux nmod nsubj
clerk<-case nmod:poss acl
higher<-aux cop nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
donor<-case
start<-dep mark
correct<-advcl dobj mark
expensive<-advmod nmod nsubj
54,000<-case nmod
store<-case nmod amod
consolidation<-det
half<-case cc conj acl:relcl
publish<-nsubj nmod mark
jail<-case det compound
demonstrator<-case
optimistic<-aux cop ccomp advmod nsubj
branch<-case det amod
sell<-cc cop conj advmod
2603.48<-case
fishing<-cop amod nmod nsubj
pursuit<-case nmod
crack<-ccomp
action<-case cc conj nmod:poss
resale<-case
walk<-cc conj ccomp nmod nsubj
enhance<-nmod dobj
Reidy<-appos compound
so<-nmod ccomp
composite<-cc conj
announce<-cc aux conj
wind<-aux ccomp nsubj compound:prt advcl
spy<-dep det
activity<-nmod:poss nmod
call<-advmod nsubj
sack<-advmod dobj nsubj
sell<-xcomp nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
voice<-nsubj
deficit<-det nmod
195/8<-dep appos compound
realize<-parataxis cc conj ccomp mark
delay<-case compound
short-term<-cop nsubj
hungary.but<-acl:relcl det
issue<-cop advmod det amod
go<-neg nmod compound:prt
stretch<-cop det amod
relate<-cop nmod neg nsubj
retain<-ccomp nsubj
way<-cop nsubj cc neg det amod advcl
note<-case dep
Loman<-compound
order<-case cc conj compound amod
themselves<-nsubj
necessary<-xcomp cop nsubj cc neg mark conj
Lenny<-dobj
busy<-case
frozen<-cc conj advmod
Fiechter<-appos compound
search<-nmod:tmod nmod mark
employ<-xcomp nsubj mark
Bedfellows<-dep nummod compound amod
retain<-nsubj ccomp mark
trading<-case nmod:poss compound
concession<-compound amod
provide<-nsubj neg nmod dobj advcl aux
partner<-nummod acl:relcl det
downtown<-case nummod
life<-case cc conj amod
road<-case cc conj amod
watch<-cc aux conj advmod
detect<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
pour<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod mark
ghost<-det nmod amod
watch<-nmod
terminal<-xcomp
exchange<-aux cop nmod advmod mark
country<-nummod det
higher<-cop
merger<-case det amod
proceeds<-case det nmod amod
candidate<-nummod det compound
source<-compound acl:relcl amod
September<-det amod
depict<-nmod
enable<-advcl dobj
forecast<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
abandon<-ccomp mark
start-up<-case amod
bank<-acl:relcl
pull<-dobj
worse<-cop advmod ccomp
ally<-case advmod
list<-cop nmod nsubj
use<-cop neg nsubj
patronize<-dobj mark
4.52<-dep
ask<-xcomp advmod dobj nsubj
harvest<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
year<-case advcl
Max<-case appos
issue<-dobj nmod mark
disposal<-case nmod:poss
speed<-compound
Technology<-acl:relcl compound
unease<-dep
outsider<-case acl:relcl det
operation<-dep cc amod
overhaul<-case det
Scudder<-cc conj
large<-advmod advcl
sign<-case dep det compound
sound<-dep nmod dobj
giant<-case det amod
yield<-xcomp nsubj
highlight<-nmod
brace<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
dollar<-nmod
close<-cc conj nmod dobj
health<-case cc conj det nmod
researcher<-det nmod amod
held<-advmod
elect<-dep nmod dobj
effect<-case nmod amod
advertising<-case dep amod nmod compound
Steinhardt<-advmod compound
fatten<-nmod nsubj
society<-case cc conj compound amod
nurture<-dobj
nation<-acl amod
undervalue<-cop advmod nsubj
prosecution<-compound
rise<-dep mark dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
alive<-cc cop advmod nsubj
follow<-dep dobj nsubj
Desert<-case det compound
315,000<-advmod
matching<-case nmod amod
Aichi<-case
combine<-aux ccomp nsubj
lie<-case cc conj
support<-case det compound
founder<-cc conj nmod
amendment<-det compound
soar<-advcl advmod nmod nsubj
quarter-point<-det
Math<-case det compound
Donovan<-compound
supporter<-cc acl:relcl nmod:poss nmod
purpose<-nmod:poss amod
rape<-cop nmod
frequency<-case acl:relcl det
commissioner<-det
defens<-case amod
derivation<-det
consist<-advmod nmod nsubj
press<-advcl dobj mark
use<-nmod mark
tumble<-cc cop conj advmod nsubj
throw<-dobj nmod mark
France<-case nummod
page<-case nmod:poss amod
ski<-advmod dobj
refinancing<-det
post<-case compound amod
replica<-case det nmod
lure<-cop det nmod nsubj
post<-case nummod
quiet<-cop nmod nmod:tmod neg nsubj
smoke<-det amod
pave<-ccomp nsubj
stress<-case det nmod
Gonzalez<-dep det compound
fare<-case compound amod
98<-case dep conj cc
proposal<-nmod:poss nmod
expire<-advcl nmod nsubj
crackle<-advmod nsubj
caution<-advcl dobj mark
besides<-ccomp
do<-advcl aux dobj neg nsubj
ask<-xcomp cc nmod mark auxpass conj
moan<-case nmod compound
logo<-amod
year.then<-case acl:relcl det
Tucson<-dep
admission<-det nmod amod
premium<-case cop acl:relcl nmod
lead<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
around<-dep cop advmod nsubj
precedent<-case nmod
cellist<-case
end<-advmod nmod mark
tape<-compound amod
basis<-case det
reach<-xcomp nsubj nmod mark
9815/32<-case
Jaffe<-det
beer<-cc conj nmod:poss
swap<-det nmod
Division<-case cc conj nmod:poss compound
segment<-nmod:poss amod
be<-dep nsubj ccomp mark
request<-case dep det
high<-nmod:poss amod
activity<-case det compound
terminal<-dep amod
willing<-xcomp aux cop advmod nsubj
elaborate<-nmod advcl
end<-aux dobj neg nsubj
odds<-case cop nmod
loss<-dep nmod:poss nmod amod
fan<-case acl:relcl det
kind<-cop nmod nsubj
stock<-case cc conj nmod compound
legitimize<-xcomp
assumption<-acl:relcl det amod
fan<-det
better<-cop nsubj nmod mark
segment<-cop det nmod amod
insurer<-appos nmod:poss amod
expect<-xcomp cc conj
government<-case acl:relcl
filer<-acl:relcl
ad<-case nmod
d.c.-based<-amod
choice<-neg nmod amod
future<-nummod compound
image-making<-case det nmod
three<-dep advmod
narrow<-dep ccomp
holding<-nmod:poss
ad<-case cc conj acl:relcl det
try<-aux nsubj
division<-det nmod ccomp
half-completed<-dep cop nsubj
miss<-aux dobj
get<-xcomp nmod
politics<-cc cop conj amod nsubj
hold<-nsubj advmod mark
dream<-case amod
100<-case dep det amod
analysis<-case dep det nmod
beneficiary<-dep det
talk<-cc cop conj nmod
requirement<-det nmod
hour<-case
significant<-cop advmod neg nsubj
tonnage<-dep compound
split<-xcomp nmod nsubj
meant.Mr<-nsubj advmod dobj
creator<-cop det nmod
accord<-case nummod det
win<-dep nmod dobj
year<-advmod det nmod acl:relcl
takeover<-nmod:poss amod
anticipate<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
salary<-cc conj nmod amod
pullout<-amod
IFAR<-nmod
attractive<-cop advmod nmod mark
arrival<-case amod det compound
lift<-parataxis advcl advmod dobj nsubj
negotiate<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass
pick<-advcl advmod compound:prt
record<-amod
rise<-acl:relcl det compound
Nahas<-case compound
curb<-nmod dobj
discount<-cop advmod
canvass<-xcomp aux cop nsubj
go<-nsubj compound:prt nmod dobj mark
include<-nsubj dobj nmod ccomp
port<-case nmod
stranger<-cop nmod neg nsubj
loss<-cop cc det amod conj mark
reject<-cc aux nmod nsubj
surge<-case det
Kodak<-nmod
Westamerica<-case
member<-cop nsubj cc det nmod aux conj
Ericson<-acl:relcl compound
open<-aux advcl neg nmod nsubj
unity<-case det amod
Mechanisms<-dep nmod compound
insistence<-case nmod:poss nmod
hunch<-nsubj nmod mark
preserve<-cc conj dobj mark
brunt<-case det nmod amod
unnecessary<-cop advmod
cut<-case det nmod amod
revenue<-cc neg conj
result<-dep cc conj nmod
main<-cc conj
physicist<-acl:relcl det compound
put<-auxpass nsubjpass dobj
Balzac<-acl:relcl
overturn<-dobj nmod nsubj
shareholder<-nummod acl:relcl
value<-dep det nmod amod
bring<-nsubj cc nmod dobj iobj aux
vulnerable<-nmod nsubj
impact<-advmod det
warrant<-case nummod det
bear<-det compound
nightmare<-case nmod:poss
lag<-advmod nmod nsubj
eliminate<-advmod dobj nsubj
sell<-advcl dobj nsubj
drama<-case acl:relcl det amod
tighten<-nmod dobj
handle<-ccomp nsubj
rack<-compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
close<-dep cop
cd<-det
send<-aux nmod dobj
dry<-dep cop nsubj mark
yield<-nmod:tmod nmod
time<-appos
impact<-neg nmod
raise<-advcl dobj
receive<-cc dep conj advcl
hope<-xcomp nsubj dobj
drought<-nmod:poss nmod acl
offer<-aux dobj neg nsubj
headquarters<-case nmod:poss nmod compound
seat<-nummod nmod
11.5<-advmod
order<-xcomp dep nmod
regard<-dep nsubj
breadbox<-case det compound
appreciation<-nmod amod
thick<-cc conj
snipe<-nmod nsubj
nature<-case cop nsubj det amod mark
constitution<-det compound
unlikely<-cop nsubj
provide<-neg ccomp
week<-det ccomp
weapon<-case
feel<-cc conj ccomp nmod nsubj
see<-aux dobj neg nmod nsubj
effective<-dep cop advmod ccomp
appalling<-cc conj
shake<-aux compound:prt dobj nsubj
company<-case compound nmod:poss acl:relcl amod
power<-amod det nmod compound
Delta<-case det
spell<-compound:prt nmod mark
rule<-compound amod
compensate<-nsubj cc dobj dep advcl aux conj mark
shelf<-case nmod:poss compound
study<-cop neg nsubj
nothing<-cop acl
three<-cc conj det amod
pickle<-cc conj
rise<-cc cop conj advmod nsubj
list<-case det nmod amod
want<-dep nsubj dobj mark
drop<-case appos det compound
explosion<-det nmod
roll<-case det amod
get<-dep nmod nsubj
bring<-nsubj dobj nmod advcl
itself<-advmod
rhetoric<-case nmod:poss amod
appreciate<-auxpass advcl
significant<-neg advmod nmod
455,000<-case dep conj cc
material<-case acl amod
handling<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
fly<-advmod
shout<-dep
low-budget<-compound
release<-ccomp mark
arrange<-aux dobj nsubj
exodus<-cop nmod neg
file<-advmod dobj nsubj
significantly<-nmod
have<-aux advmod ccomp
price<-cop nmod amod
fat<-nmod
lease<-aux nmod dobj
1986<-case acl:relcl
Lesk<-amod compound
short<-cop nmod
panama.mr<-case
recoup<-nsubj cc neg nmod dobj aux conj mark
portfolio<-acl compound
buy<-aux
mean<-nsubj cc neg advmod ccomp aux conj
postpone<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
Pilson<-case
racks.but<-compound
structure<-acl:relcl det
release<-aux cop nmod neg nsubj
criticism<-case nmod
interest<-cc conj nmod
nationalize<-cop nmod
Short<-case compound
preach<-det
disguise<-dobj mark
guilty<-cop nmod nsubj
builder<-case compound det amod
adopt<-dep dobj nsubj
rescue<-dobj mark
rank<-case nmod:poss
growth<-case nmod amod
honor<-acl det amod
sixfold<-nmod
divide<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
theory<-case det compound
lease<-aux compound:prt nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
analyst<-case nummod appos
obtain<-xcomp nsubj advcl
flaw<-det amod
uncover<-nmod dobj
patient<-compound acl amod
conduct<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
account<-advcl
formation<-nmod
estimate<-ccomp nmod advcl
look<-case nmod compound
hit<-cc conj
robust<-cop nmod nsubj
ratio<-compound nmod:poss amod
service<-compound det nmod amod
yesterday<-cop advmod advcl nsubj
niche<-cop det amod
200<-case dep discourse
get-together<-case det amod
dentist<-acl:relcl
reserve<-nmod:poss compound
value<-advmod det nmod amod
concern<-det nmod amod
let<-advcl dobj mark
greater<-cop advmod nmod advcl nsubj
expect<-nsubj advmod dobj mark
government<-case appos amod
duty<-case
observe<-ccomp nmod nsubj
manage<-xcomp aux neg nmod nsubj
day<-nmod:poss
punch<-xcomp nsubj
liberty<-nmod
plot<-case det nmod
frame<-advmod dobj
give<-aux advcl
hurt<-aux advmod advcl
disclose<-cc conj dobj
level<-case det nmod det:predet
announce<-advcl dobj mark
feel<-aux dobj nmod neg nsubj
prospectus<-det amod
reflect<-advcl dobj nmod mark
dream<-amod
confront<-cc conj advmod ccomp nsubj
physical<-cc conj
file<-advmod dobj mark
evolution<-det nmod
rise<-dep acl nmod:poss amod
falter<-cc conj advmod
anxiety<-case det nmod
nerve<-case acl:relcl det amod
pencil<-det amod
present<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
cheap<-cop advmod ccomp
suit<-case acl:relcl amod
gather<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
vase<-acl:relcl det compound
debate<-case compound amod
Mass.<-appos compound
avert<-nmod dobj
FASB<-compound det amod
seconds<-case nummod det nmod
sympathy<-advmod det nmod
buy<-aux neg nsubj
drug<-appos det
top<-aux dobj nsubj
ad<-case compound det amod
2.75<-dep cc conj advmod nmod
(<-case acl:relcl det amod
expectation<-nmod nsubj
slump<-case compound det nmod amod
compromise<-case amod
grant<-advcl iobj nmod dobj
quarter.revenue<-case nummod det amod
stock<-det acl
use<-aux ccomp
toxin<-det amod
counsel<-nmod:poss amod
83/4<-advmod
right<-dep det
dissident<-acl:relcl det amod
ghost<-nmod
surprising<-dep cop neg
operation<-cop nsubj advmod nmod:tmod nmod nmod:poss
1953<-case cc conj
strike<-case nmod
Bernard<-compound
conflict<-case det nmod
hour<-cc nummod conj
explain<-advcl nmod nsubj
puffer<-cc conj compound
leave<-cc dep nsubj
illegal<-advmod
abolish<-cc dep auxpass nsubjpass nmod
Donbas<-dobj advmod mark
gum<-cc conj compound
raise<-aux ccomp nsubj
agent<-dep cop acl:relcl det compound
businessman<-acl:relcl amod
war<-compound nmod amod
planner<-aux cop nmod neg nsubj
load<-nummod amod
supercomputer<-acl det amod
set<-dep advcl compound:prt dobj nsubj
warren<-det
experience<-nsubj nmod dobj
genre<-case amod
affair<-case amod
allow<-nmod
scanner<-amod
fund<-nummod acl:relcl compound
rough<-cop advmod advcl nsubj
supply<-cc conj nmod:poss compound
leaf<-det
scarf<-dobj nmod compound:prt
experiment<-advmod nmod
Warsaw<-case cc conj
price<-nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
inquiry<-det nmod amod
hurry<-case cop xcomp neg nsubj
{<-det nmod amod
note<-case advmod compound
date<-case det nmod amod
easing<-det nmod
japanese<-dobj mark
telecommunications<-cc conj
much<-ccomp
shareholder<-dep nmod:poss
worry<-advmod nmod mark
assume<-dep dobj advmod mark
%<-nummod nmod:poss amod
cachet<-nmod
borrow<-cop mark
launch<-dep nmod
competition<-dep nmod compound
inherit<-advmod nmod
blame<-xcomp nsubj
bet<-cc aux ccomp neg
fund<-dep advmod nmod compound:prt
credibility<-neg
developer<-det
Jr.<-case acl:relcl compound
685,000<-case dep advmod
postpone<-xcomp auxpass
tie<-case
post<-advcl nsubj mark
large<-cc cop conj advmod
impeccable<-amod
Ranch<-cc appos conj compound
spend<-nsubj cc nmod:tmod nmod dobj conj
low<-xcomp cop nsubj advmod mark
file<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
vacate<-auxpass nsubjpass mark
redemption<-cc conj compound
exchange<-case appos det amod
solace<-case
try<-cc conj det
meet<-ccomp mark
Mattel<-nmod dobj
budget<-advmod amod
income<-case appos amod
phenomenon<-det amod
compliance<-case cop nsubj mark
tap<-nmod dobj
encourage<-dep aux nsubj dobj advcl
amount<-case compound nmod amod
on<-cop advmod
privatize<-aux dobj nsubj
Iowa<-case
carry<-advmod
office<-acl:relcl det nmod
ground-handling<-case compound
new<-cop advmod
guarantee<-ccomp mark
subcompact<-case det compound
world<-dep case det
sue<-cc conj dobj
fly<-aux dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
use<-cop nsubj nmod ccomp advcl aux
April<-case advmod
hold<-nsubj dobj advmod advcl
user<-case nmod
Hefner<-case appos compound
feel<-nsubj cc ccomp dep advcl conj mark
evaluate<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
someone<-aux advmod nsubj
Gen-Probe<-dep
bit<-cop det nmod acl
apology<-neg nmod
on<-dep
house<-cop det amod
maintain<-xcomp aux advcl nsubj
linage<-amod
charge<-acl:relcl det nmod
California<-cop
consider<-xcomp aux advcl
indifferent<-cop nmod mark
fact<-case cop parataxis advcl
reduce<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
lip<-dep advcl nsubj
refinery<-case compound nmod:poss nmod amod
stake<-case nummod
underwriter<-case cc conj acl:relcl det
surfer<-nummod
messrs.jacobson<-cc conj cc:preconj
up<-advmod nmod
dump<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
staffer<-case amod
concern<-dep cop nmod
grade<-case det amod
vulnerability<-nsubj
be<-dep cop mark
range<-nmod:tmod nsubj nmod advmod mark
follow<-aux dobj
deal<-nummod nmod amod
copy<-nummod
3.26<-case
one<-cc neg dep
unscathed<-advmod nsubj
try<-dep xcomp nsubj mark
expert<-cc cop conj det nmod
become<-parataxis xcomp nsubj cc advmod nmod conj
Walker<-appos amod
Ripper<-compound
make<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj advcl aux conj
4:30<-case dep advmod nmod
game<-nmod:poss compound
host<-advcl dobj mark
damages<-compound amod
confuse<-aux auxpass advmod nmod neg
steering<-dobj nsubj
come<-aux ccomp nmod neg nsubj
give<-aux compound:prt dobj advcl nsubj
plummet<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
reader<-case amod
have<-advmod csubj dobj
membership<-nmod:poss
monetary<-cc conj
extort<-aux nsubj dobj mark
total<-ccomp nsubj
renew<-aux cop nsubj nmod:tmod advcl
$<-cc case nummod conj dep
district<-det nmod amod
authorization<-case nummod det amod
policy<-dep
constitute<-dep nsubj dobj
oil<-case cc amod dep conj nmod:poss
get<-dep nsubj dobj mark
retailer<-acl:relcl
give<-dobj nmod compound:prt
balloon<-case nmod:poss compound
threaten<-dobj nsubj
shame<-aux cop det acl nsubj
yank<-nsubj cc neg nmod dobj aux
Vienna<-case
begin<-dep nmod nsubj
average<-advmod dobj
company<-neg det amod
feeling<-cop nsubj nmod amod compound mark
claim<-aux ccomp nsubj
push<-cop compound det advmod amod
positive<-cop nmod
secretary<-nmod:poss amod
learn<-aux advmod ccomp neg nsubj
school<-acl:relcl
globalization<-case det nmod amod
export<-nmod:poss
certain<-xcomp cop dep conj cc
act<-dep nsubj advmod mark
Roman<-dep compound
cost<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
while<-det det:predet
angeles-based<-amod
wring<-dobj compound:prt nmod mark
birth<-case det nmod
tower<-amod
money<-case cc conj nmod compound
Fort<-dep compound
tack<-case advmod compound
blue-chip<-cop amod nsubj
premier<-cc conj amod compound
portrait<-case det nmod compound
Scandinavia<-case
figure<-nsubj ccomp advcl
force<-compound:prt dobj
sour<-advmod
interest<-case compound det amod
subtract<-advmod dobj nsubj
method<-compound amod nsubj
route<-nmod:poss amod
exchange<-case dep det
seek<-xcomp dep dobj
1.6055<-case dep
design<-advcl dobj mark
regain<-dobj nmod mark
election<-case compound
rely<-dep aux xcomp nmod nsubj
essential<-dep cop nmod nsubj
demeanor<-det nmod amod
ask<-neg nsubj ccomp mark
inaction<-case cc conj
tennis<-case cc conj det amod
approve<-advcl nmod dobj
modest<-cop nsubj
Lebanon<-case cc conj
inventor<-det nmod
thinking<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
lambast<-advmod ccomp
point<-case cc nummod advmod dep compound conj
fraud<-case compound nmod amod
solve<-aux dobj csubj neg
harmony<-case nmod
difficult<-cop advmod ccomp nsubj
idea<-cop nsubj neg det amod aux acl
plunge<-advmod nsubj dobj nmod mark
trader<-case det
bereft<-cop advmod nmod neg
claim<-dep det nmod
put<-aux compound:prt dobj neg nsubj
fail<-xcomp advmod mark
please<-aux dobj nsubj
command<-case det nmod amod
coverage<-case amod
leg<-nmod:poss
house<-case acl:relcl det compound
swell<-nmod nsubj
thing<-cop amod det advcl neg
seat<-dep nsubj nmod mark
consultant<-nmod amod
Income<-cc cop conj compound
boater<-case cc conj acl
open<-nsubj ccomp mark
aged<-ccomp
discount<-cop nsubj cc advmod aux conj
annoy<-dobj nsubj
case<-cop advmod det nmod nsubj
dig<-case cc conj amod
door<-compound nmod amod
script<-nummod det
remember<-advcl
politician<-neg
smaller<-cop nmod
exist<-nmod dobj
you<-case nmod:tmod
unnecessary<-advcl
party<-cc conj compound
help<-xcomp advmod mark
leave<-nmod
bowling<-dep nsubj ccomp
contribute<-aux nsubj ccomp nmod mark
advertise<-ccomp
boss<-nmod:poss
compete<-advcl nmod mark
point<-advcl nmod nsubj
RTC<-dep acl:relcl det
bill<-compound amod
Pinkerton<-dep advmod
punch<-compound:prt nmod dobj
pin<-dobj nmod nsubj
attorney<-case nmod:poss
agree<-ccomp compound:prt
plateau<-det nmod amod
commercial<-nmod:poss nmod amod
62<-dep compound
push<-dep nmod dobj
allow<-xcomp nsubj neg dobj aux mark
Seventh<-advmod ccomp nsubj
struggle<-aux advcl nmod:tmod nsubj
take<-cc conj compound:prt dobj mark
dump<-dobj nsubj
association<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
Hershiser<-case compound
eliminate<-dep dobj nsubj
labor<-case compound
cyclical<-case advmod
worsen<-aux nsubj
pilote<-nsubj advmod ccomp nmod mark
receipt<-case amod
alarm<-case compound
order<-cop acl:relcl compound
report<-det nmod compound
Shale<-appos det compound
project<-advmod acl:relcl amod
half<-det nmod amod
want<-ccomp advmod dobj nsubj
massage<-dobj mark
need<-aux advmod dobj advcl neg
43<-dep compound
player<-dep
loophole<-case det nmod amod
unravel<-dobj
expense<-case nmod compound
situation<-nmod:poss amod
support<-case acl:relcl
pilot<-det compound
pretext<-case det nmod
Bush<-dep
share<-compound det acl:relcl amod
music<-det acl
6.52<-dep
develop<-advmod nmod
deal<-case advmod det amod
check<-det
issue<-cop det:predet det amod dobj
podium<-case det nmod
nonproductive<-dep cc conj
5.04<-cc conj
OBrion<-appos compound
they<-cop advmod acl:relcl nsubj
luck<-nmod:poss nmod acl
reputation<-case appos nmod:poss
missile<-case det compound
make<-nsubj cc nmod dobj conj mark
thousand<-case cc conj nmod
spook<-case det amod
require<-mark
recount<-advmod ccomp nsubj
lose<-dep nsubj dobj mark
1990<-case det amod
creativity<-nmod:poss
frequency<-case cc conj compound
new<-dep ccomp
pitch<-det compound
association<-case det
bond<-appos nmod:poss amod
Influenced<-case cc conj det compound
uniform<-advmod
stadium<-dep det
play<-case nmod:poss
way<-cop advmod acl amod
confidence<-acl
so<-cop nsubj nmod mark
enjoy<-advcl nsubj
camera<-cc conj acl:relcl amod
Omni<-case
vehicle<-det amod
purchase<-nmod:poss amod
remorse<-neg acl:relcl
censor<-aux ccomp neg nsubj
cheated<-advmod
invert<-xcomp aux nsubj
red<-cop
refund<-case
editorial<-case dep advmod
export<-dobj nsubj
Gaulle<-case amod compound
buy<-cop nsubj cc neg advmod mark aux conj
today<-case compound det amod
pencil<-amod
pact<-case det compound
emerge<-advmod nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
attorney<-case acl:relcl
bowl<-advmod nsubj
join<-cc conj dobj
cigarette<-cc conj
Co.<-acl compound
exploit<-auxpass nsubjpass mark
sale<-advmod det nmod compound
gringo<-case det
consider<-parataxis nsubj cc neg dobj advcl aux
see<-dep advmod nmod dobj
sewer<-cc conj
hit<-aux nsubj dobj mark
challenge<-dep det
plan<-case amod compound
}<-compound det acl:relcl amod
buy-out<-case nummod det
subtlety<-case det nmod det:predet
Lenny<-cc conj
citizen<-case det amod
benefit<-dobj nmod mark
proportion<-case det nmod
structure<-nmod:poss amod
materialize<-nsubj nmod mark
Sr.<-compound
spin<-compound:prt dobj mark
prop<-nsubj dobj compound:prt mark
dip<-cc conj acl:relcl det
make<-cc xcomp nsubj
hit<-advcl nmod nsubj
emission<-case nmod:poss nmod
leader<-dep det compound
show<-appos det compound
resign<-dep nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
Pretl<-cc conj compound
wedge<-det nmod
travel<-dep advmod nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
loss<-advmod nmod amod
shopkeeper<-case
tenant<-case compound amod
supporter<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
management<-compound amod
staff<-nmod:poss compound
Lawson<-dep case det compound
Bureau<-det nmod
function<-det nmod
illness<-case nummod
school<-case cop advmod ccomp compound
lead<-advmod dobj nsubj
people<-cc aux cop acl:relcl expl
Delhi<-compound
requirement<-case det nmod
least<-case dep
product<-case advmod compound
integrity<-case det nmod amod
equipment<-case cc conj compound
Honecker<-amod compound
place<-cop nsubj
cite<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
hold<-compound:prt nsubj
delegate<-dobj
telex<-case nmod
timing<-amod
design<-case acl:relcl
actor<-case cc conj
54.875<-case dep
party<-appos amod
burn<-auxpass advmod nmod
oil<-case acl:relcl
long-term<-case det amod
affair<-case det compound
decade<-case det compound
deficit<-compound det nmod amod
represent<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod mark
earn<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
behave<-advmod nsubj
reasonable<-cc conj
anyone<-case nmod
mess<-case det nmod
prohibit<-ccomp mark
aid<-case det nmod
tear<-dobj compound:prt
rate<-cc conj det amod
maintain<-advcl dobj mark
rebound<-dep aux advmod nmod neg
hold<-case dobj
penalty<-compound nmod amod
detract<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
battle<-cop det nmod amod
come<-dep advmod nsubj
specify<-nmod nsubj
sport<-case compound amod
commit<-xcomp cop neg
damp<-advcl aux dobj nmod nsubj
prevent<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
cover<-dep dobj nmod mark
outraged<-auxpass nsubjpass advcl
worth<-cop advmod
yard<-amod
yesterday<-acl:relcl
fit<-advcl dobj mark
roommate<-aux cop nmod:poss nmod nsubj
buttress<-nsubj cc advmod ccomp conj dobj
consider<-advcl dobj mark
advise<-nmod
rebuff<-det nmod
prepare<-xcomp cop nsubj
Innopac<-cc conj
binge<-compound nmod:poss amod
region<-case nummod nmod
Jose<-case cc conj compound
halt<-advmod ccomp nsubj
tie-up<-det
expect<-dep mark
open<-advcl nsubj nmod:tmod nmod mark
balk<-cc nmod nsubj
list<-nmod
friction<-case compound
move<-cop advmod acl
expect<-nsubj cc neg dobj aux conj
chemical<-case cc conj det
stuffy<-nmod:npmod cop ccomp
origination<-compound
go<-advcl aux dobj neg nsubj
collection<-det nmod
beneficiary<-det
redound<-aux nmod nsubj
belong<-aux nsubj nmod neg mark
show<-amod
expiration<-case
plan<-advmod ccomp nsubj
fine<-iobj dobj
add<-dep dobj mark
desert<-xcomp nmod mark
join<-case advcl advmod dobj
Pao<-case det amod
unavailable<-cop
control<-case det amod
property<-case nmod:poss
exonerate<-nsubj dep nmod dobj cc conj
cease<-nmod dobj
turnaround<-case nmod amod
embarrassed<-xcomp auxpass advmod
franc<-nummod acl det amod
child<-det compound
Ali<-compound
envision<-aux dobj nsubj
croaker<-det nmod amod
meat<-case amod
use<-xcomp nsubj dobj
upbeat<-cop advmod
function<-nmod nsubj
bureaucracy<-case compound det amod
be<-advcl advmod mark
encourage<-dep advcl dobj nsubj
suspension<-case det
{<-advmod ccomp nsubj
vary<-aux nmod nsubj
claim<-advmod ccomp nsubj
insist<-cc advmod ccomp nsubj
area<-case appos det
Mulvoy<-appos compound
be<-advcl ccomp nsubj
drill<-cc conj compound amod
volatility<-case det
concern<-cop advmod acl:relcl nmod
possibility<-case det
indexing<-nmod
value<-cop nsubj det nmod amod mark
favor<-dep advmod nsubj
focus<-aux advcl nsubj
bloody<-cop nmod
knight<-case nmod:poss
worrisome<-advmod
Schwarz<-amod compound
builder<-appos nmod:poss amod
profitable<-dep cop advmod nmod
cover<-advcl compound:prt dobj mark
admit<-nsubj ccomp advmod mark
exchange<-dep det amod
Banxquote.The<-advmod dobj nmod:tmod nmod mark
commit<-case compound
legitimacy<-case advmod det nmod
export<-ccomp mark
dispatch<-advcl dobj nsubj
drop<-appos
halve<-nmod:tmod nmod dobj
invade<-dobj mark
transaction<-det nmod amod
agency<-case nmod:poss compound
expiration<-case nummod det nmod compound
expunge<-dobj nmod mark
Marino<-appos compound
t<-dep nmod:poss
(<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass
come<-nsubj advmod nmod mark
statement<-case det compound
prefer<-case det amod
mph<-cop nummod
composite<-compound det amod
encourage<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
buy<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
brand<-case det
friendly<-cop mark
distinct<-advmod nmod
sale<-case cop nsubj
prosecutor<-case
arena<-case dep det amod
Exterior<-case compound
Rolling<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
finance<-cop nmod
consent<-amod
say<-nsubj ccomp nmod:tmod mark
sell<-nmod compound:prt
system<-cop acl:relcl det amod
invite<-cc conj nmod dobj
anthology<-nmod amod
stock<-dep cop acl:relcl nsubj
room<-case nmod:poss
Club<-cop cc appos det nmod compound conj
anti-semitism<-cc conj
work<-acl:relcl compound
become<-aux nsubj
segment<-det compound
export<-dobj nmod nsubj
traveler<-case compound amod
{<-cc conj dobj
truck<-acl:relcl det nmod
include<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
believe<-advmod compound:prt nsubj
uneasiness<-dep nmod
sit<-nmod ccomp
Laszlo<-compound
drug<-nmod:poss amod
demand<-nmod mark
position<-case nmod:poss compound
successor<-nsubj nmod:tmod nmod mark
brain<-nsubj
rowing<-compound
folk<-det amod
ban<-ccomp nsubj
American<-acl:relcl
grant<-xcomp aux nsubj
work<-xcomp advmod nmod mark
conviction<-case det
assessment<-case advmod nmod:poss
thumb<-case acl:relcl
director<-acl:relcl nmod amod
auction<-case acl:relcl det nmod amod
represent<-advmod advcl
vu<-cop compound advmod nsubj
second<-dep det
agreement<-advmod compound
blast<-advmod dobj
pullout<-cc dep det
ruble<-case appos det amod
subject<-nmod nsubj
official<-dep compound amod
think<-aux advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
indict<-auxpass nmod:tmod nmod
beg<-dobj nsubj
leak<-case compound det amod
KGB<-case det
buildup<-dep det nmod amod
look<-nsubj nmod mark
company<-compound nmod amod
1.43<-dep
deficit<-cc conj det compound
continue<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
profitable<-nsubj
get<-xcomp nsubj ccomp mark
arrest<-cop nsubj cc det nmod conj
toilet<-dep conj det
alter<-dep advmod dobj
stipulate<-ccomp nsubj
beginning<-det amod
mass<-dep det amod
bully<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
suit<-dep
practice<-case dep
insurance<-case nmod compound
result<-case dep det
hear<-nmod mark
do<-xcomp dep advmod
inventory<-acl:relcl nmod
13,120<-case dep
play<-case det nmod amod
high<-xcomp cop nsubj advmod mark
convincing<-det
state<-case dep det
justify<-aux nmod neg
dismissal<-nmod nsubj
chip<-compound amod
party<-case cc conj det
assist<-ccomp mark
request<-dobj nmod nsubj
dinosaur<-case det
343/4<-case
front<-case det
crash<-case acl:relcl det
level<-case amod compound
non-event<-cop nsubj det nmod amod aux
pitch<-det nmod amod
retain<-dobj mark
scene<-case det compound
screw<-det amod
actual<-case cc conj amod
stagflation<-amod
let<-neg ccomp
parlor<-nmod amod
stamp<-advcl nmod dobj
interrupt<-case
spending<-nmod amod
restaurant<-det nmod amod
order<-case nmod:poss compound
system<-nmod amod
help<-aux ccomp mark
record<-dep amod compound
waver<-nmod:poss
go<-nsubj cc nmod compound:prt advcl aux conj
maker<-case det nmod compound
cost<-case cc conj advmod compound
call<-dep compound det amod
park<-case dep det compound
suffer<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
strengthen<-case
record<-dep
rally<-nmod mark
violation<-case compound
Gro-Lites<-case
seriously<-advmod advcl
adopt<-xcomp nsubj
Act<-case nummod det compound
emission<-compound
uproar<-cop advmod det nmod
quality<-case nmod
laboratory<-case det amod
president<-case cc conj
Affairs<-case compound
big<-advmod nmod ccomp
Greenfield<-case compound
manage<-ccomp nmod nsubj
justify<-dobj ccomp nsubj
happen<-nsubj cc neg advcl aux conj
reduce<-dep nsubj iobj dobj
earnings<-nummod compound
colloquium<-case appos det compound
conservatism<-cop advmod
explanation<-nmod:poss amod
pro<-case cc conj nmod
permit<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
Arias<-dep compound
way<-acl
progress<-det
Arens<-case compound
vote<-advmod ccomp nsubj
difference<-cop det nmod nsubj
jewelry<-parataxis cop nsubj cc case compound
Shore<-case appos compound
negative<-acl:relcl det
GM<-appos
area<-nummod nmod
missile<-appos amod
upward<-advmod
back<-nmod:poss nmod amod
Woodbridge<-dep
double<-cc cop advmod nsubj
develop<-nsubj ccomp mark
ready<-cop nmod
display<-det amod
misstate<-nsubj cc dobj aux conj mark
anticipate<-nsubj mark
miner<-case det
recipient<-cc conj
begin<-advmod nmod dobj
short-lived<-aux cop nsubj mark
separate<-dep advmod dobj nmod nsubj
facility<-case nmod:poss nmod compound
permit<-compound amod
need<-nummod amod
sleepy<-advmod
slay<-acl:relcl
purchase<-case compound nmod:poss amod
peel<-aux advmod compound:prt neg nsubj
Research<-case compound
tire<-cc conj amod
homer<-case det nmod
offender<-case det compound
breed<-advcl nsubj dobj mark
plant<-cc conj
own<-dep advmod nmod dobj
purchase<-cc conj nmod:tmod dobj
widely<-advmod
invent<-aux neg nsubj
flat<-advmod ccomp
shake-up<-case nmod:poss
remember<-ccomp mark
step<-nsubj compound:prt dobj mark
production<-dep compound amod
legitimate<-advmod
come<-xcomp nmod
total<-det nmod amod
cut<-cc conj compound nmod amod
calculator<-cc conj det
find<-cc aux advmod dobj nsubj
average<-compound nmod amod
Ala.<-case compound
conducting<-det
deliberation<-det
chin<-case det
Shaw<-appos
single<-advmod
confirm<-dep nsubj
almost<-nmod:npmod nmod
complete<-advmod ccomp dobj
frenzy<-compound det amod
hard<-xcomp cop advmod mark
Carpenter<-appos compound
lawmaker<-cc acl:relcl
$<-cc nummod det conj amod
phone<-case cc conj nmod:poss amod
increase<-cc conj ccomp
recognition<-nmod:poss nmod compound
review<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
Smith<-case cc conj nmod compound
korean<-case det
speed<-dobj nmod mark
season<-case nummod det nmod
Story<-det nmod
economist<-acl:relcl amod
want<-nsubj dep advmod ccomp cc conj
amendment<-case cc conj det
filing<-nmod:poss amod
problem<-acl amod
export<-case amod
appraisal<-case cc conj det amod
green<-det nmod
explanation<-det nmod amod
buy<-cc conj nmod:tmod nsubj
production<-appos compound det amod
begin<-ccomp nsubj
power<-case dep nmod
Suez<-case
Dun<-case cc conj
assurance<-amod
ancestral<-nmod
quit<-dep nmod nsubj
affect<-det nmod amod
forget<-nsubj dobj
research<-cc conj acl amod
expertise<-nmod compound
science<-case compound
negotiate<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass mark
expectation<-case nmod:poss
time<-case nmod:poss amod
Kaufman<-compound
confident<-cop advmod advcl nsubj
Waterbury<-case
decline<-cop nsubj dep advmod det nmod amod cc conj
take<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
restaurant<-appos amod
volatility<-cop advcl advmod det amod expl mark
14<-cop advmod nsubj
injure<-cop nsubj
quote<-advmod dobj
burn<-cop advmod nmod advcl
assistance<-case amod compound
allow<-cc aux conj advmod nsubj
pipeline<-det compound
husband<-nsubj
effect<-case acl:relcl
succeed<-nmod dobj
reduce<-aux nsubj dobj advmod advcl
Mintz<-cc appos acl:relcl conj compound
director<-case nmod
close<-case acl:relcl det
operator<-case compound
light<-acl:relcl det amod
Mercury<-dep advmod nsubj
idea<-dep nmod:poss nmod
go<-cc aux xcomp nsubj
general<-case dep
crime<-case compound
keep<-nsubj ccomp mark
continue<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
period<-case compound det amod
gain<-advmod nmod nsubj
dichotomy<-case det nmod
point<-dep nummod det nmod compound
ante<-det nmod
idea<-dep det amod
exude<-nsubj dobj mark
California<-dep cop parataxis case dobj
renege<-advcl nmod mark
put<-nsubj advmod ccomp compound:prt mark aux dobj
900<-case dep nmod
promise<-ccomp nsubj
pour<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
close<-advmod ccomp nsubj
they<-case cop advmod mark
(<-cc advcl nsubj
vote<-xcomp nmod:tmod nsubj
California<-case nmod
curtail<-cc conj dobj mark
brand<-advmod amod
join<-nsubj dep neg dobj advcl aux
MTV<-cc conj compound
93,000<-case
art<-case acl:relcl
fall.but<-advcl mark
64<-case dep nmod:tmod
focus<-aux dobj
apart<-aux advmod advcl
specificity<-case cc conj amod
liquefy<-aux advmod nmod mark
association<-compound
close<-advmod mark
due<-mwe
air<-case amod
House<-case cc conj
rebind<-mark
Nov.<-case cc nummod conj
structure<-acl amod
want<-dep nsubj
gridiron<-cc conj
bond<-cc conj compound
Gypsum<-compound
longing<-det nmod amod
400<-cop advmod
executive<-case compound nmod:poss nmod amod
do<-aux nsubj dobj
electronics<-case cc conj compound
178.5<-cop nmod
company<-det nmod compound
activate<-mark
arm<-parataxis nsubj cc nmod dobj advcl conj
screen<-nmod:poss
glean<-aux nmod dobj
seal<-dobj mark
point<-aux compound:prt ccomp nmod nsubj
Chicago<-case appos
growth<-amod nmod compound
strong<-aux cop nmod nsubj
transportation<-case cc advmod nmod compound conj
actor<-amod
Dictionary<-det nmod
stake<-dep det
Albany<-case
omit<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
rundown<-cop advmod det nmod
manager<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss
people<-acl
leader<-cc nummod advmod det conj
departure<-nmod:poss
suffer<-xcomp nmod nsubj
stay<-aux dobj nsubj
surge<-det nmod amod
Bank<-case compound det amod
provide<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
Miami<-case nmod
bearing<-neg nmod
sense<-cc cop nmod nsubj
amendment<-case acl:relcl compound
change<-case acl:relcl det amod
complicated<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
highway<-case nummod appos
Chicken<-case compound
face<-dobj nmod mark
trade<-advmod dobj
effort<-acl:relcl det
happen<-dep xcomp nsubj
store<-case dep det
metamorphosis<-dep cop nsubj
file<-aux nmod nsubj
May<-case cc nummod conj
waste<-cop nmod nsubj
style<-case det nmod compound
loyalty<-dep nmod
fall<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
reduction<-case det amod
flurry<-case det nmod
determination<-case dep nmod:poss acl
acquire<-dep dobj
Germans<-case nummod amod
toll<-nmod:poss
link<-nmod
exchange<-case compound det amod
manager<-compound nmod amod
basis<-case dep det det:predet
page<-nummod det nmod amod
Morgan<-case
remain<-xcomp advcl nmod nsubj
entertain<-auxpass advmod nmod
ad<-compound det amod
include<-xcomp dobj nmod nsubj
clean<-ccomp
Association<-det nmod
Baltimore<-case
have<-dep nsubj advmod nmod dobj
watch<-nsubj iobj dobj advmod mark
operation<-case det nmod
make<-xcomp advmod nmod
slip<-dobj nmod mark
sort<-advcl nmod mark
laptop<-case
Wells<-case dep compound
guarantee<-case nmod
150<-case
fall<-cc conj nmod:poss amod
Investments<-case appos compound
lineup<-compound
executive<-case cc conj amod
seek<-advcl dobj
church<-case dep acl:relcl
body<-case cop det nmod amod mark
misstate<-compound
wrongdoing<-case amod
carry<-advcl dobj mark
evident<-xcomp cop nsubj dep nmod aux
Puttnam<-compound
position<-appos det nmod amod
plague<-aux dobj nsubj
dividend<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
liquid<-case
equipment<-case dep compound
end<-nsubj nmod compound:prt advcl aux dobj
Reports<-case compound
foresee<-aux dobj neg nsubj
term<-case acl
Frank<-compound amod
bind<-det compound
take<-advcl advmod dobj
run<-dep advmod
OPEC<-cop
lower<-dep dobj nsubj
week<-case acl:relcl
farmer<-nmod
burglary<-nmod
prohibition<-det nmod
product<-case dep advmod nmod:poss compound
withholding<-compound
accuse<-xcomp dobj nmod nsubj
figure<-xcomp nmod:tmod nsubj
guidepost<-case nmod
person<-nummod acl:relcl
guard<-case dep amod
some<-cc acl:relcl
budge<-advmod nmod
holding<-nmod mark
gain<-case dep compound det amod
border<-case advmod det nmod
offset<-advcl auxpass advmod mark
Carvain<-nmod compound
move<-aux nmod compound:prt
sale<-amod compound
distinction<-amod
paper<-appos
discussion<-nmod amod
painting<-appos amod
traffic<-amod
dangerous<-cc conj advmod
Coopers<-case cc conj nummod
bury<-nmod:tmod nmod
sustain<-dep nsubj dobj mark
restructure<-nmod mark
gain<-ccomp dobj
end<-case dep nummod det amod acl:relcl compound
take<-aux dobj ccomp nmod nsubj
relation<-cop nmod amod
Union<-compound
qualification<-case nmod:poss
habit<-det nmod
offer<-xcomp cop advmod nsubj
high<-cop advmod nmod neg nsubj
steer<-advmod nmod dobj
Purina<-compound
affiliate<-case nmod:poss compound
536,000<-dep appos det amod
put<-advcl nmod:tmod nsubj
classic<-amod
shin<-amod
commit<-xcomp cop
f-14<-case det amod
vehemence<-det nmod
erase<-nmod nsubj
entitle<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass mark
advance<-case advmod
metal<-case amod det det:predet
son<-nummod appos
Kidder<-cc case conj
maintain<-nsubj advmod nmod ccomp aux dobj
opportunity<-case det amod
heavy<-cop advmod nsubj neg mark
underwrite<-cc conj nmod nsubj
target<-aux cop nmod nsubj
volatility<-case nmod amod
Presse<-case appos compound
due<-advmod nmod
improve<-case xcomp conj cc nmod
heed<-aux ccomp nsubj dobj mark
red<-cc cop conj nsubj mark
expect<-xcomp aux nsubj advcl
common<-cop nmod
accord<-nmod nsubj
guideline<-case compound amod
she<-cc conj cc:preconj
sell<-case nmod compound
charge<-case cop
benefit<-cop nmod
211/4<-dep nmod compound
city<-case cc conj
contract<-nummod det compound
option<-compound
share<-nummod acl:relcl
computing<-case nmod amod
1.5920<-case dep
be<-xcomp neg nmod expl
Byler<-appos compound
accompany<-auxpass nmod
meter<-nmod:poss nmod amod
minute<-nmod
design<-case amod
Trust<-cc conj appos compound
hurt<-nsubj
resolve<-cop advmod mark
reference<-cop advmod acl amod
year<-cc advmod det
specialize<-nmod
fight<-dobj nmod nsubj
date<-case advmod
sustain<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
bitter<-advmod
if<-advmod
announce<-nsubj dobj
part<-dep nsubj dobj mark
appear<-nmod:tmod
10:08<-case advmod
get<-parataxis nsubj cc nmod advcl conj
manage<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
13.44<-dep
institution<-case det
distract<-nmod compound
treasurer<-det nmod
mean<-xcomp
lowest<-cop det nmod
guarantee<-aux nsubj dobj mark
suspension<-nmod amod
concentrate<-dep cop nmod nsubj
service<-det nmod
news<-cop advmod nmod amod neg
vary<-nsubj
Byrd<-dep compound
near-panic<-det
nation<-cop acl det amod
capitalism<-case compound
outdo<-cop mark
outlet<-case compound
experience<-nmod nsubj
side<-case nmod:poss nmod
contain<-xcomp mark
neighborhood<-case compound det nmod amod
yard<-case cc conj nmod:poss compound
illustration<-nmod:poss compound
Apple<-cc conj compound
aid<-cc conj amod
yield<-aux advmod nmod dobj
device<-case det amod
diary<-case det nmod
Army<-case cc conj det amod
reversal<-case det nmod amod
attack<-case det nmod amod
lock<-dep cop nmod neg
reaffirm<-xcomp nsubj ccomp mark
cost<-case det amod
age<-nmod:poss amod
enduring<-cc conj
divide<-acl
place<-aux cop nmod nsubj
hear<-nsubj cc neg advcl aux conj
gloom<-nmod:poss amod
facts.they<-det
interval<-amod
balloon<-case det compound
chime<-parataxis compound:prt nsubj
oomph<-det
Post<-case det nmod compound
toe<-case nmod:poss
integrate<-dobj
drop<-case amod det compound
like<-advcl nmod nsubj
monitor<-dep advmod nsubj
plant<-nummod compound acl:relcl amod
circulate<-auxpass nmod
declare<-parataxis aux ccomp nmod nsubj
exercise<-case
reflect<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
N.A.<-compound
regulate<-cop
plan<-neg nmod
California<-case acl
truck<-nummod
havoc<-dep advmod det
killer<-case det nmod amod
supplies<-nmod amod
retire<-cc conj nmod:poss compound
write<-ccomp nmod nsubj
increase<-dobj ccomp nsubj
climb<-amod nmod:poss compound
capital<-case nmod
defense<-det compound
aid<-case compound det nmod amod
edition<-nmod:poss
evidence<-acl amod
story<-acl:relcl
harmful<-xcomp cop nsubj neg advmod mark
Goodfellow<-compound
bid<-aux nmod nsubj
week<-dep det ccomp
work<-aux nsubj dobj advmod mark
follow<-aux advmod nsubj neg dobj
MacNamara<-dep dobj
increase<-cc det nmod amod compound conj
boost<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj
Vittoria<-compound
visa<-appos det
quantity<-det amod
president<-dep appos compound
lag<-det nmod
administration<-det nmod
Corp.<-case appos nmod:poss
trade<-advcl nsubj
circumvent<-cc conj dobj mark
dollar<-case amod
sheath<-amod
kitchen<-case det
gas<-case det amod
cut<-nsubj cc compound:prt aux conj dobj
grant<-xcomp
sepsis<-cc conj
hemorrhaging<-case
brutally<-advmod advcl
mp<-nummod appos amod
question<-nsubj nmod dobj
penetrate<-mark
deep<-amod
requirement<-cop ccomp det neg nsubj
1990<-case cc conj cc:preconj
sale<-case advmod nmod amod
nearby<-acl:relcl
mean<-nsubj advmod dobj mark
underperform<-advcl advmod dobj nmod nsubj
store<-advmod nmod nsubj
stake<-case nmod:poss nmod
grow<-advcl nmod:tmod mark
anxiety<-dep
foot<-case appos acl det amod
auto/homeowners<-case nmod:poss
race<-cop nsubj cc neg mark conj
president<-cc conj compound amod
business<-case dep
revision<-case amod
office<-case acl:relcl det
own<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
agreement<-neg
go<-dep nsubj nmod:tmod nmod mark
loan<-cc conj
specialize<-aux nmod nsubj
1988<-advmod
teach<-xcomp nsubj dobj mark
plead<-advmod nmod nsubj
creation<-nmod:poss nmod
nickname<-ccomp nsubj
spare<-advcl dobj nsubj
die<-mark
petrochemical<-case
frequency<-case amod
base<-advmod det nmod amod
agenda<-acl:relcl det nmod
comparable<-cc conj nmod
firm<-case nmod compound
receive<-nsubj cc neg nmod dobj aux conj
think<-cc conj advmod nsubj
tank<-det nmod compound
monitor<-nmod nsubj
child<-nmod
clothe<-nsubj ccomp
competitive<-cop nsubj nmod mark
billionaire<-det nmod
able<-cc cop xcomp nsubj
salt<-amod
work<-nummod
serve<-cc conj dobj mark
night<-det nmod amod
Pont<-acl:relcl compound
cash<-dep cop nmod
Canelo<-appos compound
eight<-cc conj
5:04<-case nmod:tmod
peace<-cop acl:relcl compound
cd<-case dep amod
lie<-nsubj cc nmod dobj advcl conj
signal<-case
Amex<-amod
echo<-dobj
focus<-case cc conj det amod
measure<-advmod det amod
inappropriate<-cc aux conj cop nsubj
exacerbate<-dobj
correspondent<-nmod:poss
bequeath<-dobj nmod nsubj
tone<-det nmod
expansion<-amod
north<-nmod:npmod
be<-cc conj expl ccomp mark
ratify<-xcomp advmod nsubj
infamy<-det amod
question<-dep advmod det
gain<-case acl:relcl det
Semel<-case cc conj compound
different<-cop advmod nmod neg nsubj
Dodd<-compound
drop<-compound dobj nmod nsubj
disaster<-case nmod amod
engineering<-cc conj dobj mark
rise<-xcomp dobj nmod nsubj
boast<-dep det compound
anxious<-dep cop nsubj
sighting<-xcomp
writer<-dep cop det amod
say<-nsubj dobj advmod advcl
Franklin<-dep
depletion<-case det nmod
critical<-cop
transaction<-cop advmod det nmod amod
relationship<-nmod
let<-nmod compound:prt
worker<-case acl:relcl amod
face<-cc conj nmod
require<-aux dobj neg nsubj
election<-case advmod det amod
second<-cc det amod
Fantasy<-det
leotard<-case
profit<-dep advmod det compound
wipe<-nsubj cc compound:prt mark conj dobj
raid<-det compound
advertiser<-nmod amod
store<-case nummod nmod
appeal<-case dep det acl
insurer<-case cc conj nmod amod
export<-xcomp nsubj
patient<-dep amod
speculator<-case amod compound
datum<-nmod nsubj
fasten<-aux nsubj nmod mark
Simpson<-dep cc conj acl:relcl compound
permanent-insurance<-nsubj ccomp mark
move<-compound:prt nmod mark
consulting<-case cc nmod amod conj nmod:poss
Jose<-cc conj compound
advertise<-advcl advmod nmod:tmod dobj
position<-case det compound
noted.wouldn<-case det compound
student<-det amod
public<-cc conj nmod
conceive<-nsubj neg advmod nmod advcl aux
compensation<-nmod
sugar<-case
career<-appos compound det amod
complicate<-advcl nmod dobj
rate<-case cc det amod acl:relcl compound conj
printing<-nmod
Pace<-case
relationship<-case det
radio<-case
end<-case cop nsubj det nmod mark
someone<-case acl:relcl amod
swiss<-case cc conj
spree<-case det compound
charge<-dobj nsubj
growth<-dep
underwriter<-nmod
company<-cop compound det amod
generation<-compound
Nigeria<-case
Al-Chalabi<-appos compound
lie<-advcl nsubj
buying<-nmod amod
price<-dep advmod compound
plenty<-case
background<-case amod
vote<-case compound
establishment<-nmod
slowdown<-dep neg compound
bass<-case
consensus<-case det
programs.but<-ccomp nsubj
open<-cc conj nmod dobj
nickname<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod dobj
rush<-xcomp nsubj mark
turmoil<-case det amod
luncheon<-case det nmod
captured.if<-cop nsubj dep nummod det amod acl:relcl compound mark
back<-case acl:relcl det
weekend<-case advmod det
veto<-nmod:poss
that<-case advmod nmod
funnel<-dobj nmod mark
know<-dep cc conj ccomp nsubj
push<-advmod nsubj
offset<-auxpass nmod
sensitize<-advcl dobj mark
ante<-det
rating<-nmod:poss amod
1.31<-dep
Oregon<-appos
business<-nmod:poss nmod compound
dump<-xcomp nmod mark
testimony<-case det compound
propose<-nmod dobj
profit<-appos nmod amod
approval<-case nmod:poss
process<-dobj nmod nsubj
such<-nmod
rent<-xcomp
setback<-det amod
advancer<-amod
probe<-nsubj dobj ccomp
Senators<-case nummod
tighten<-aux advmod dobj
Dow<-case
Bravo<-case dep det
70<-dep
independent<-det nmod amod
outgrowth<-cop nsubj det nmod amod acl
ally<-amod nmod compound
toughen<-dobj mark
Kennedy<-case cc conj compound amod
Nicaragua<-case cc conj cc:preconj
brigade<-det
600,000<-dep
cinema<-cc conj
Halloween<-case appos
significant<-cop
expect<-xcomp aux nsubj dobj mark
retreat<-dep cc conj nmod nsubj
provide<-advcl advmod dobj
paint<-auxpass nmod
Abrams<-compound
approve<-dep cc conj nmod nsubj
traffic<-nmod:poss amod
destination<-case amod
stance<-nmod nsubj
moderate<-case advmod det
form<-cc conj advmod dobj mark
reunite<-dobj nmod mark
father<-det nmod amod
sale<-cc conj advmod
exhibit<-case det compound
completion<-case det nmod
economy<-nummod det
deterrent<-case
scribbler<-dep advmod nsubj
penalize<-neg nmod auxpass nsubjpass advcl aux
give<-xcomp aux dobj
movie<-case det amod
system<-case advmod det acl:relcl
May<-compound
name<-advcl dobj mark
Ratners<-acl:relcl
hold<-dep aux advmod nmod dobj
city<-nummod
clinic<-det compound
lira<-case nummod nmod
promise<-xcomp
loss<-cop det nmod mark expl aux
consist<-xcomp aux nsubj nmod mark
get<-aux nsubj ccomp advcl
Cadillac<-case det amod
narrow<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
Series<-nummod acl:relcl
tour<-compound
include<-advcl dobj
mo<-dep det amod
unclear<-cop ccomp nsubj
skin<-case cc conj cc:preconj appos
nonsense<-dep cop advmod
spree<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
aware<-cop advmod advcl nsubj
look<-advmod nmod mark
Plays<-neg appos
possess<-nsubj ccomp mark
gene<-det nmod amod
insured<-nmod dobj
sacrifice<-advcl dobj
use<-xcomp aux dep nsubj
say<-xcomp cc conj
industry<-nummod det
page<-nummod compound
cause<-compound amod
261<-case
soviet<-acl:relcl
entry<-case nmod
offering<-case acl:relcl det nmod amod
mill<-cc conj det compound
boss<-case compound amod
raise<-xcomp dobj mark
structure<-appos acl:relcl det amod
sink<-nsubj dobj mark
freedom<-compound
fly<-case compound
Department<-acl:relcl det nmod compound
lawsuit<-det
distinctive<-cop nsubj cc neg mark conj
estate<-case cop acl:relcl det amod
fireball<-dep det amod
Dead<-det compound
attention<-compound
loss<-amod nmod:poss compound
shutdown<-case nmod:poss acl
shovel<-cc conj
First<-cc acl:relcl
insure<-cc conj nmod nsubj
out<-nmod advcl
clue<-case nmod
base<-aux ccomp nmod nsubj
average<-amod
mix<-det nmod amod
commute<-ccomp nmod nsubj
halftime<-case
vote<-aux advmod nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
shy<-dep dobj nmod compound:prt
third<-det amod
associate<-case nmod amod
Jr.<-case compound
veto<-cop det:predet det nsubj
continue<-nsubj advmod mark
strategy<-compound det acl:relcl amod
India<-case amod
policy<-case acl:relcl det compound
fashion<-cc conj
study<-det nmod compound
130<-dep compound
name<-case dep
impervious<-cop nmod
acknowledge<-auxpass ccomp nsubjpass mark
victory<-nmod:poss nmod amod
improve<-ccomp
anti-abortionist<-det
prohibit<-nsubj dobj mark
Baltimore<-compound
ammonia<-cc conj
sue<-dep advmod dobj nsubj
part<-cop amod det nmod nsubj
absorb<-mark
investment<-nmod:poss nmod amod
rattle<-cc aux conj cop nsubj
Semel<-cc conj
move<-aux advmod nsubj
out<-cop nsubj mark
gilding<-dep aux dobj
1,716<-case
Lesko<-acl:relcl compound
shed<-dobj nmod nsubj
promise<-case det compound
pact<-case det
stretch<-dobj iobj mark
doorstep<-case appos nmod:poss
largest<-dep
peak<-case nmod:poss nmod
require<-auxpass nmod
measure<-nummod det nmod
fund<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
base<-cop nsubj cc nmod amod compound conj nmod:poss
lease<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
think<-cc advmod ccomp nsubj
scare<-case parataxis dobj compound:prt
tank<-case dep nmod
male<-nsubj
IAFP<-case det
purchase<-case nmod amod
facility<-det amod
complain<-dep aux advcl dobj
heroine<-nmod
Apogee<-dep
technology<-compound det acl:relcl amod
year<-det acl
crew<-nmod:poss
drive<-advmod dobj
old<-nmod:npmod cop advmod nsubj
family<-case compound
quantity<-case nmod amod
lift<-aux nsubj dobj nmod advcl
replace<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
gene<-nmod:poss
go<-aux advmod compound:prt advcl nsubj
Harty<-compound
break<-compound:prt mark
woman<-dep det
morning<-cc conj det
capitulate<-nsubj advmod mark
bounce<-advmod nmod nsubj
mine<-nmod compound
cut<-aux nmod dobj
exist<-advmod ccomp
show<-nsubj neg nmod:tmod nmod dobj aux
think<-aux dobj nsubj
lens<-det amod
buyout<-amod
care<-aux nsubj ccomp neg advcl
exposure<-nmod:poss
Wachtel<-compound
inflation<-nmod compound
case.it<-cop nsubj cc det amod acl:relcl conj
reach<-aux neg nsubj
Declaration<-det nmod compound
earnings<-compound nmod amod
line<-cop det amod
sum<-amod
slum<-case acl det compound
make<-cc conj ccomp
special<-case amod det compound
wrong<-cop advmod nsubj
base<-cc conj compound nmod amod
Dinkins<-case
gather<-nmod advcl
substitute<-case nmod
clout<-case det nmod
Capital<-case compound
idea<-det compound
shoot<-nmod dobj
indulgence<-det nmod
premium<-cop det dobj
offer<-nsubj cc dobj advcl aux conj
lose<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
manager<-nmod:poss amod
enemy<-case amod
similar<-cop nsubj
feed<-case
billionaire<-case det
development<-nmod:poss nmod compound
awarding<-det nmod
XR4Ti<-det nmod
boom<-case amod
man<-appos det amod
cost<-cc conj dobj
planner<-dep cc conj det nmod
higher<-dep nmod
spot<-case nmod:poss
bill<-compound nmod:poss nmod nsubj
change<-aux dobj
salary<-case acl:relcl det amod
fling<-case nmod:poss
ineffective<-dobj
brain<-case appos det
sue<-dep nmod:tmod dobj
citizen<-case amod
three<-case nmod:npmod
deal<-aux cop advmod expl
government<-acl:relcl compound
exaggerate<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj aux mark
fight<-xcomp nsubj dobj nmod mark
justice<-case cc conj
62<-case cc conj
consist<-cc dep conj nmod nsubj
hamper<-ccomp mark
20,000<-dep cc conj nmod
pipe<-det amod
collapse<-case nummod det amod acl:relcl compound
capital<-det
ease<-advmod nmod mark
bit<-det amod
hostage<-amod
include<-nmod nsubj
disaster<-cop compound nmod nsubj
Unocal<-case
buy<-nsubj dobj nmod:tmod nmod mark
take<-compound:prt nmod:tmod mark
index<-acl:relcl det nmod
near-monopoly<-case
Castro<-appos compound det acl:relcl amod
stabilize<-cc conj dobj mark
apprise<-cop advmod ccomp
dispose<-nmod
move<-cop compound nmod:poss nmod amod
base<-dep det nmod
tell<-parataxis dobj nmod nsubj
aware<-cop nsubj cc neg nmod conj
corruption<-amod
newsman<-compound det amod
fare<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
Fischer<-dep compound
move<-dep nmod nsubj
believe<-dep dobj nsubj
discrepancy<-case nmod compound
level<-case acl:relcl det amod
modernize<-advmod ccomp
inform<-dobj mark
Malcolm<-compound
move<-mark
capacity<-dep nmod:poss nmod amod
injury<-case amod
stare<-cop compound nmod nsubj
good<-cc cop conj advmod nsubj
alliance<-nmod nsubj
inside<-case det nmod
knight<-case cc conj det amod
%<-case dep nmod:npmod compound
problem<-parataxis cop cc det nmod expl aux
willing<-xcomp cop nsubj cc mark conj
sign<-nummod acl:relcl
like<-dobj nsubj
enter<-dep nsubj dobj mark
nation<-case acl:relcl det
alienate<-case
Shack<-compound
estimate<-det nmod compound
mission<-det nmod amod
find<-aux nsubj
test<-cop amod det acl:relcl nsubj
27/8<-case nmod
depict<-advmod dobj mark
place<-cop advmod nmod
change<-dep nsubj dobj
stiff<-cop nsubj nmod advmod mark
conversation<-advmod amod
take<-advmod dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
reveal<-advcl mark
conglomerate<-det nmod amod
explosion<-case
exhibit<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass dobj mark
ask<-nmod mark
Ryzhkov<-compound
gang<-amod
present<-case acl:relcl det
develop<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
East<-det
Deposit<-compound
trade-off<-det compound
end<-case cc advmod det nmod conj
care<-case compound amod
Dingell<-case compound
oppose<-dep advmod dobj nsubj
assign<-auxpass advmod nmod
result<-case compound amod
naysayer<-amod
stage<-acl:relcl det
correct<-ccomp mark
get<-cc conj nsubj ccomp mark
reverse<-aux nsubj nmod mark
yet<-cc acl:relcl
County<-case appos compound
ritual<-case det amod
reach<-dep advmod nmod:tmod dobj
Beach<-case appos compound
growth<-case compound det amod
troubling<-nsubj
preference<-case compound det amod
remove<-dep dobj
host<-cc nmod:tmod nsubj
keep<-nsubj neg nmod dobj advcl aux
aid<-cc conj det amod
m<-case nummod
history<-case acl nmod:poss amod
salary<-det amod
suggest<-dep dobj
comfortable<-advmod nmod nsubj
require<-aux dobj nmod neg nsubj
run<-case det compound
member<-cop compound nmod nsubj
assure<-aux advmod ccomp nsubj
owner<-cc conj det nmod
assume<-aux advmod ccomp nsubj
station<-case cc conj amod
survey<-case compound det nmod amod
get<-ccomp nsubj dobj mark
look<-aux nmod neg nsubj
assimilate<-nsubj advmod dobj advcl aux mark
Holly<-compound
cargo<-amod
safeguard<-dobj nmod mark
nothing<-acl
Shop<-nmod:poss compound
import<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
frenzy<-case det amod
visible<-nmod
career<-case amod nmod compound
inadvertence<-case det nmod
offer<-cc conj dobj
Scorpio<-det
reiterate<-advmod ccomp nsubj
wholesaler<-det nmod
Denenchofu<-case
subsidiary<-det nmod amod
LDP<-case det
insurer<-case
unemployment<-amod
DC-10<-case det
college<-dep amod
amount<-nummod acl:relcl det
maker<-amod
Refcorp<-appos
waffle<-case dep det nmod amod
Stoecker<-case compound
entry<-nmod:poss nmod
Fuji<-case compound
day<-case compound det nmod amod
cheaper<-aux cop neg nsubj
take<-dep dobj nmod mark
hesitant<-xcomp cop nmod nsubj
Inc.<-case nmod:poss
GAO<-det
co-chairman<-cop nmod nsubj
push<-auxpass nmod mark
Fixx<-acl:relcl compound
plant<-appos amod
row<-case cop dep det amod mark
pawn<-det acl
right<-case nmod
Goodwin<-appos compound
exercise<-nsubj cc neg dobj aux conj mark
Basin<-det compound
previously<-advmod
car<-case amod acl:relcl compound
reflect<-ccomp
speculator<-dep
predict<-aux advmod ccomp nsubj
can<-cc cop conj nmod nsubj
seek<-aux nsubj advcl nmod mark
report<-cop
depict<-advmod nmod nsubj
shift<-nmod mark
office<-dep cc nummod conj amod
neglect<-case nmod
Citation<-nummod compound det acl:relcl amod
birth<-case nummod acl:relcl det
601/2<-dep compound
knife<-case det amod
shift<-case nummod
same<-cop advmod det
force<-cop amod det nmod nsubj
husband<-acl:relcl amod
enough<-xcomp cop neg
track<-cc conj
insulate<-auxpass nmod
division<-nummod amod
wish<-amod
suggestion<-det
doubt<-nmod amod
repay<-dep aux nsubj ccomp mark
higher<-cop nsubj cc advmod nmod nmod:npmod
project<-case det compound
Time<-case det
sell<-dobj compound:prt
offer<-cc conj nmod:poss nmod
Savings<-advmod compound
investor<-dep acl:relcl compound
administration<-cc conj det
speculation<-case dep
speculation<-case det
Denenchofu<-case advmod
president<-compound advmod amod
possess<-cc conj dobj mark
distract<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
Cheney<-case acl:relcl compound
lambaste<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
advantage<-nummod amod
%<-case cop nummod xcomp nmod
rebound<-case advmod det nmod
think<-xcomp advmod
work<-aux advmod nsubj
support<-nsubj dep nmod ccomp aux dobj
target<-dobj nsubj
franchise<-det nmod amod
disorder<-case det
garner<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
immunologist<-det nmod
chairmanship<-xcomp nsubj mark
leave<-aux nmod ccomp
handcuff<-compound det amod
spend<-dobj iobj nmod mark
talk<-advcl dobj nsubj
nerd<-case cc conj det
mix<-nmod:poss compound
raise<-advmod dobj
Gorbachev<-cc conj compound
road<-case cc conj det amod
leader<-det nmod amod
saturate<-auxpass nmod
use<-xcomp nsubj cc advmod mark aux conj
1989<-case acl:relcl
Geographic<-compound
response<-case advmod nmod
constituent<-nmod
file<-xcomp nmod nsubj
Guinness<-case
defensiveness<-case
indicate<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
distributer<-cop det nmod amod
sale<-case cop nsubj compound:prt mark
turn<-compound:prt nsubj
have<-xcomp aux nsubj ccomp mark
people<-cc conj det compound
information<-compound det amod
lackluster<-cc conj
price<-cop nsubj mark
form<-det nmod compound
account<-det compound
provision<-cc acl:relcl amod
press<-case acl:relcl det
present<-cc cop conj nmod nsubj
send<-advmod dobj mark
modification<-case amod
Wilshire<-compound
experience<-aux advmod ccomp dobj
matter<-dep
none<-auxpass advmod expl
9719/32<-case advmod
extinguish<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
climb<-det nmod amod
endanger<-aux dobj neg nsubj
homeowner<-acl:relcl
unconscious<-cop advmod nsubj
burn<-nmod nsubj
long<-advmod ccomp
growth<-cc conj amod
have<-neg dobj
Toshimitsu<-appos compound
Epinal<-case
terminal<-nmod:poss
slump<-case det amod
quarter<-case cc conj det amod
expensive<-cop advmod nsubj
technician<-acl:relcl det
accounting<-case det nmod compound
that<-dep acl
traffic<-nmod
bakery<-det
four<-cc advcl
generation<-det nmod
display<-dobj nmod nsubj
confirm<-aux nsubj dobj mark
thinner<-cop nsubj advmod mark advcl aux
subscriber<-case nmod compound
Americans<-nmod
convey<-ccomp mark
hold<-aux nmod:tmod mark
(<-dep cc conj dobj nsubj
turn<-compound
time<-case nummod compound
categorize<-cop nmod advcl
fritter<-cop advmod mark
hunt<-case nmod:poss
forfeit<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
racketeering<-case cc conj
greater<-cc cop conj ccomp
cornerstone<-cop det nmod mark
simple<-parataxis cop nsubj
dawdle<-nmod:poss nmod
consolidate<-dobj
confirm<-advmod ccomp nsubj
figure<-cop compound det nmod nsubj
Texans<-case
facility<-det acl
designation<-det
part<-cc conj nmod
know<-advmod mark
mother<-cc conj det amod
prefer<-xcomp nmod:tmod nsubj
Organization<-case cc cc:preconj det compound conj
performer<-cop nsubj mark
production<-cc conj nmod
boom<-det nmod
recognize<-aux ccomp nsubj
victory<-case
parity<-case amod
decision<-acl:relcl det
liquidate<-advcl dobj mark
docket<-cc conj nmod:poss
they<-case nmod
underwriter<-nummod acl:relcl
maker<-case cc conj compound
recognition<-amod
sitter<-det
change<-det det:predet
Dennis<-appos compound
sale<-dep nmod amod
suggestion<-acl:relcl
throw<-advcl nsubj
easy<-cop advmod mark
care<-case nmod:poss compound
announcement<-case compound
factor<-cop nsubj neg det nmod amod aux
satisfy<-aux nmod nsubj
head<-advcl nmod dobj
Corp.<-case appos advmod compound
appointment<-det nmod amod
headline<-amod
Pentagon<-advcl
power<-advmod acl:relcl amod
sentiment<-cop amod acl mark
unfair<-cc cop conj cc:preconj nsubj
Hill<-case
advantage<-dep nummod
charge<-dep det amod
keep<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
franchiser<-case cc conj det
authorization<-case nmod:poss amod
accuse<-dep advcl dobj nsubj
include<-xcomp nsubj ccomp
get<-xcomp ccomp nsubj dobj advcl
part<-case cc conj det nmod
issue<-cc xcomp nsubj
Waltana<-cop advmod det
group<-cop compound nmod:poss amod
offer<-acl
market<-case dep
show<-aux compound:prt
intrude<-nsubj
pin<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
earthquake<-case nummod appos
extent<-dep det
discontinue<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
33/8<-case
allocate<-dobj advmod mark
fraudulent<-cc conj
sit<-nsubj cc advmod nmod aux conj
sack<-case appos det compound
Palmer<-cop appos compound nsubj
disclosure<-case nmod:poss nmod
reach<-cc conj nmod nsubj
drop<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
junkyard<-case det amod
disrupt<-cop neg
agreement<-cop advmod neg
successful<-cop nsubj mark
adapt<-nmod dobj
resume<-aux advcl neg nsubj
wife<-nmod
indictment<-case det
largest<-case cop nsubj advmod det advcl
Arts<-case compound
decline<-aux advmod nsubj neg mark
Oct.<-cop nummod nsubj
slump<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
plant<-dobj
proceed<-xcomp advmod nsubj
tongue<-det
ballooning<-case
Luzon<-case compound
Okla.<-case compound
best<-case cop nsubj cc neg det nmod aux conj
accuse<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass advcl
contract<-case acl:relcl det compound
tender<-det
mobilize<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass
choose<-neg dobj mark
inside<-case cc conj cc:preconj compound
d<-cc conj amod
enjoy<-cc aux dobj nmod nsubj
{<-neg advmod nmod ccomp compound aux
code<-case nummod det
rule<-det nmod amod
build<-cc conj dobj advmod mark
term<-case acl:relcl
naczelnik<-det
Viacom<-case
choose<-ccomp nsubj
mcdonald<-case amod
fleet<-compound amod
Construction<-compound
more<-cc nmod:npmod advmod nmod
join<-advmod dobj
be<-aux neg
Corp.<-case det compound
trade-off<-acl:relcl det
other<-dep parataxis advmod
cut<-compound det nmod amod
pass<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
condominium<-det amod
1990<-case cc conj det amod
speech<-case cop advmod nmod:poss nmod
say<-xcomp aux parataxis csubj
price<-compound acl:relcl amod
Republicans<-advmod acl:relcl amod
slammer<-case cc conj det
incident<-dep det amod
supply<-aux advmod dobj
opportunity<-cop det nmod
Warren<-compound
$<-cop nsubj nummod advmod mark advcl aux
thing<-case det compound
pursue<-aux dobj
carrier<-case dep det
entity<-case amod
damp<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
man<-dep cop det
metaphor<-case nmod
disparage<-ccomp mark
research.P<-case cc conj compound amod
$<-nmod:npmod nummod
157<-case
severance<-dep
market<-cc conj amod
CBS<-acl:relcl
foot<-case cc nummod nmod amod conj
paint<-cc conj
bleacher<-case det compound
broker<-amod
speculate<-ccomp nsubj
factory<-acl:relcl compound det nmod amod
liability<-advmod amod
assistant<-det nmod
hold<-advmod nmod ccomp
fruit<-cop det nmod amod
view<-aux dobj neg nsubj
pick<-aux dobj
place<-nmod
delay<-aux advcl nsubj
mean<-xcomp nsubj dobj advmod mark
symbol<-nmod
Edison<-appos compound
counterpart<-case nmod:poss compound
refuse<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
produce<-aux dobj ccomp nmod mark
replace<-nsubj dep advmod nmod ccomp aux
work<-dep compound nmod amod
spot<-case compound det amod
corporation<-case cc conj amod
co-chairman<-cc cop conj nmod
appear<-dep xcomp nmod nsubj
equity.And<-ccomp
drinking<-case compound
Cawdron<-cc conj appos compound
)<-nummod advmod
hate<-advmod det amod
great<-cc cop conj nsubj
ship<-cop nsubj nmod mark
jolt<-aux nsubj dobj mark
Jones<-acl compound
kinder<-cop advmod nmod ccomp
occur<-nmod csubj mark
work<-acl:relcl
charter<-case det nmod
wrestling<-nmod dobj
say<-nsubj cc advmod nmod:tmod ccomp conj
Center<-case compound
most<-dep nmod
lead<-case nmod compound
receive<-nsubj advmod dobj nmod mark
cloud<-compound det nmod amod
Taylor<-nmod compound
category<-advmod
Equitec<-case appos
result<-dep nmod:poss nmod
anticipation<-nmod
provide<-advmod dobj mark
travel<-case cc conj
categories.about<-dep nsubj dobj mark
record<-compound nmod amod
guarantee<-compound nmod amod
%<-case dep advmod nmod amod compound
case<-case dep acl:relcl compound
portion<-det nmod compound
food<-det
struggle<-det nmod
congressman<-dep
pound<-dep det compound
atom<-case nmod compound
congress<-case det
show<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
identify<-advcl advmod nsubj
alone<-dep cop nsubj
dispatch<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
buy<-advcl advmod nsubj
number<-cc conj det nmod amod
Korotich<-case compound
climb<-nmod compound
be<-cc dep conj ccomp nsubj
country<-case nummod det
switch<-xcomp aux advmod nmod
outline<-xcomp mark
bidding<-case cc det amod dep compound conj
restraint<-case compound
environment<-case cop acl:relcl
proceedings<-case cop nsubj parataxis nmod aux
Cherokee<-case acl:relcl det nmod
know<-dobj mark
resign<-nmod nsubj
8934014<-dep amod compound
issue<-cop nsubj nmod amod mark
Paribas<-case acl:relcl
toy<-cop det nmod mark
unite<-case cop advmod xcomp nsubj
save<-cc conj mark
serious<-cop nmod
damage<-advmod nmod
depreciation<-case cc conj compound amod
talk<-aux dobj
win<-aux ccomp nmod nsubj
management-by-objective<-case cc conj
sound<-xcomp cc conj
unveil<-compound
push<-det acl
loosen<-aux advmod compound:prt nmod nsubj
farfetched<-cop nsubj neg advmod advcl aux
Hutton<-case compound
supercomputer<-acl:relcl
subject<-case nmod
man<-case det nmod amod
greater<-dep cop advmod ccomp
name<-dep appos det nmod
stand<-advcl nsubj
comfortable<-cop ccomp
stock<-advmod nmod dobj
and<-case
setting<-det
spill<-case det
trustee<-appos nmod:poss
whooper<-det
cut<-case det nmod
restaurant<-case nummod det compound
represent<-parataxis advmod dobj nsubj
dismay<-det nmod
average<-xcomp nsubj
stop<-advcl aux dobj neg nsubj
hangar<-case det compound
embrace<-neg advmod nmod auxpass nsubjpass aux
mortgage<-case nmod amod
surge<-case det compound
material<-det
press<-aux advmod nmod neg
ideal<-case det
investigation<-nmod compound
Rockefeller<-appos compound
model<-case nummod nmod amod
congressman<-nummod
improvement<-det nmod compound
endure<-advcl dobj nmod mark
squeeze<-auxpass compound:prt
larger<-aux cop nsubj
hard<-xcomp aux cop nsubj
open<-cc advmod dobj nmod nsubj
south<-compound nmod amod
P&G<-acl
get<-advcl compound:prt dobj
distribution<-case nummod compound
undergo<-cc conj dobj
sign<-cop nsubj neg advmod det amod aux
discover<-aux ccomp nsubj dobj advcl
city<-case dep nummod
distress<-case cc conj
regain<-ccomp
Claudio<-compound det amod
1945<-case
Office<-case det compound
investigation<-case nmod:poss compound
jewelry<-case compound
hit<-cc conj nsubj dobj mark
strip<-case det nmod compound
trim<-dobj mark
study<-xcomp nsubj
airtime<-det nmod
share<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
advantage<-compound det amod
act<-xcomp aux
climb<-nsubj cc neg advmod aux conj
62.875<-case dep advmod nmod
book<-appos compound amod
House<-cc conj compound
pink<-nmod:npmod
duty<-case nmod amod
fall<-xcomp nmod nsubj
announcement<-cop ccomp det amod
eliminate<-nsubj cc dobj advcl aux conj
pound<-dobj nsubj
massage<-dep amod
stage<-nsubj dobj mark
audience<-amod
Kaitaia<-case nmod
holding<-nmod:poss compound
make<-case dobj
agency<-case nmod:poss
109,000<-advmod
rest<-advmod nmod nsubj
antisocial<-cop advmod nsubj nmod mark
set<-dobj advmod nsubj
travel<-nummod appos nmod
client<-case dep acl
Greed<-case cc conj
Turnpike<-case det compound
Center<-case nmod compound
jet<-nummod compound
agreement<-nmod:poss nmod
Wichita<-dep
card<-det nmod
man<-acl:relcl
maker<-compound advmod amod
drop<-case nummod compound det amod
recount<-dobj nmod nsubj
effort<-case nummod acl amod
Whittle<-cc acl:relcl
informally<-parataxis dobj
shape<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod compound:prt
67<-advmod
lot<-case det compound
penny<-nummod nmod compound
forgive<-nsubj neg advmod mark iobj aux dobj
marketability<-cc conj det nmod
scandal<-case det
97.25<-case
schedule<-case compound nmod:poss amod
lose<-nsubj nmod advcl
capital<-case nmod:poss compound
negative<-nmod
turn<-advcl compound:prt dobj nsubj
change<-cop nsubj dep mark cc conj
pleasure<-case amod
provide<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
Leon<-compound
building<-cop advmod dobj nmod nsubj
have<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj dep conj mark
product<-cc nummod acl:relcl conj
buy<-xcomp nsubj cc nmod:tmod dobj conj
return<-dep amod
veto<-dobj nmod mark
vote<-aux advmod nsubj
Merc<-dep det
report<-aux dobj
Wednesday<-case cc conj nmod:poss amod
ignore<-dobj ccomp nsubj
remove<-aux advmod nsubj nmod advcl
strip<-cop nmod:tmod nmod advcl
OAS<-dep det
question<-ccomp advmod compound:prt nsubj
spin<-dobj nsubj
put<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
creativity<-cc conj nmod compound
turnabout<-case det amod
formulum<-det
ranch<-case det amod
category<-case
epicenter<-case advmod nmod:poss
Nintendo<-case
Renault<-appos compound
Manufacturers<-case det compound
quiet<-cop advmod mark
independence<-case nmod:poss
reach<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
advocate<-det compound
achieve<-dep nsubj advcl
test<-case cc conj compound
tract<-det compound
communication<-case nmod
975<-case dep
means<-xcomp parataxis advmod nsubj
convey<-dep advmod nmod dobj
many<-case dep nmod
leave<-xcomp advcl nsubj
display<-cop nmod compound
valid<-cop advmod
Europe<-case appos
U.S.<-case advmod det
business<-nummod det amod
kid<-case nmod:poss
region<-case compound det nmod amod
full<-cop nmod
obstruct<-xcomp nsubj
fail<-dep xcomp nsubj
competence<-nsubj
expedition<-case compound det amod
us<-amod
presentation<-amod
direct<-ccomp nsubj
send<-nsubj dobj mark
head<-cc cop advmod nmod nsubj
disagree<-aux nmod mark
trigger<-aux nsubj nmod mark
chanteuse<-case cc det nmod amod compound conj
agree<-xcomp nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
brother<-dep dobj nsubj
common<-advmod nmod
epicenter<-det nmod
price<-case cc appos det conj
close<-dep advmod compound:prt dobj nsubj
rule<-aux cop det nmod nsubj
trade<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
face<-compound
stink<-nsubj
tough<-cop advmod nmod
convert<-dep dobj
trip<-compound det amod
accent<-det nmod amod
Rouge<-advmod det compound
breed<-cop det amod
operation<-compound det amod
close<-dep nsubj dobj advmod mark
certificate<-case amod
reason<-cop nsubj cc neg det amod
settle<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
situation<-dep det amod
Dallas<-appos
lay<-auxpass nmod
likely<-xcomp cop nsubj dobj
plug<-ccomp nsubj
least<-cop ccomp nsubj det mark
ahead<-nmod:npmod
county<-case nummod nmod acl
estimate<-aux nmod nsubj
make<-xcomp dobj mark
franchiser<-cc conj amod
neighbor<-dobj
strip<-nummod nmod compound
buy<-aux compound:prt nmod nsubj
majority<-nmod:poss amod
there<-case advmod
candidate<-nmod compound
reform<-case compound amod
unemployed<-case cc conj det
347.16<-case
be<-parataxis advmod dobj nsubj
adviser<-case nummod
succeed<-advcl nsubj advmod mark
collection<-case det
Green<-nmod compound
clampdown<-det nmod amod
eighteen<-dep
diner<-neg acl amod
town<-case det nmod
remark<-amod
disease<-amod
exchange<-cc conj acl:relcl amod
7.125<-case dep
capacity<-nmod:poss amod
lending<-case nmod:poss compound
sorehead<-xcomp
instrument<-case amod
sponsor<-cc conj det
manhandle<-cc conj dobj
become<-cc xcomp nsubj
discipline<-nummod
steak<-cc conj
sheet<-nmod:poss compound
reimburse<-parataxis advmod dobj
shell<-dep compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
selection<-cc conj
seniority<-acl:relcl det
issue<-aux nsubj advmod mark
study<-nmod:poss nmod amod
note<-acl:relcl det
crush<-auxpass nmod
basis<-cop acl det neg nsubj
slide<-nsubj nmod mark
secret<-nmod:npmod cop
contend<-advmod ccomp nsubj
unnerving<-nmod:npmod cop nsubj
difficult<-xcomp cop nmod nsubj
seat<-acl:relcl det
four-fifth<-nmod
model<-dobj mark
war<-case compound det nmod amod
Solidarity<-amod
fan<-case
assist<-dobj
beeping<-det amod
bill<-case nmod:poss amod
governor<-advmod det nmod
Roderick<-case compound
make<-xcomp parataxis nmod nsubj
control<-compound amod
153<-case
disaster<-det compound
LTV<-case
goods<-det nmod
pioneer<-det compound
cruise<-nmod nsubj
develop<-auxpass dobj nsubjpass ccomp mark
soybean<-cc conj advmod
bike<-case nmod compound
marginal<-amod
take<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
release<-advmod
merchandise<-case amod
test<-dobj nmod nsubj
house<-nmod
reason<-nmod amod
construction<-case dep
Dunes<-det
defer<-advmod nmod dobj
this<-dep cop
plan<-cc cop conj compound amod
concentrate<-nmod compound
manager<-case advmod acl:relcl amod
child<-advmod
you<-cop dobj neg nsubj
wall<-case det compound
import<-cop nsubj nmod mark
management<-case acl:relcl compound
complete<-nsubj ccomp mark
reinsurance<-case dep advmod
hcfc<-case
infancy<-case det nmod
vote<-case compound amod
hour<-cc nummod conj nmod
nastiest<-case det nmod
handle<-parataxis dobj nmod nsubj
affect<-nsubj neg nmod dobj advcl aux
seconds<-case nummod advmod
13.625<-case dep advmod
State<-case compound
hinder<-case compound
ruin<-auxpass nsubjpass
productive<-advmod nsubj
walk<-aux dobj nsubj
bash<-dobj mark
open<-parataxis nsubj
ally<-case dep acl:relcl
start<-cc conj advmod dobj
loans.that<-compound acl amod
enlarge<-advmod ccomp mark
have<-dep cc conj dobj nsubj
development<-dep nmod amod
next<-dep nmod
strength<-neg nmod
IMA<-dep
Wildlife<-nmod:poss compound
risk<-acl:relcl
be<-xcomp nsubj advmod mark
1.70<-dep
trade<-nsubj advmod mark
unending<-advmod
appear<-dobj ccomp nsubj
possible<-xcomp cop nsubj advmod advcl aux
Rainbow<-case det
travel<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
pick<-xcomp
painting<-dep
unchanged<-advmod nmod nsubj
add<-dep dobj nsubj
play<-aux dobj nmod neg nsubj
network<-case amod
decide<-ccomp csubj mark
profit<-dep advmod det nmod compound
remain<-xcomp ccomp mark
industry<-dep det amod
guarantee<-nsubj neg nmod dobj aux mark
hatch<-compound det nmod amod
damage<-cop nsubj cc nmod aux conj
inch<-case cc conj
several<-case dep conj cc nmod
measure<-cop nsubj nmod advmod advcl
allocate<-advcl nsubj dobj advmod mark
commitment<-det compound
kill<-dobj ccomp mark
imagine<-dobj mark
401/2<-case
bother<-aux dobj neg nsubj
meddle<-case nmod
1986<-case amod
Minutes<-case dep nummod
report<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
store<-case acl:relcl compound
lbo<-cop det nmod nsubj
track<-nsubj dobj mark
resolve<-cop appos nsubj
say<-dobj advmod nsubj
touch<-cop nmod
confused<-cc conj
point<-dep nmod:poss amod
satire<-cc conj amod
counterpart<-dep acl:relcl amod
selling<-case compound amod
get<-aux ccomp
force<-aux compound:prt dobj
panamanian<-case det
conspiracy<-appos
flextime<-det
match<-amod det nmod nsubj
elect<-nmod ccomp
Escort<-det
failure<-acl
expenditure<-auxpass nmod
abound<-nmod nsubj
dwindle<-compound amod
issue<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
vulnerability<-det acl
lecherous<-advmod
official<-cop acl:relcl nmod nsubj
distributor<-cop nsubj cc nmod amod conj dobj
undemocratic<-cop nsubj mark
Coles<-compound
understanding<-det acl
rework<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
Rosen<-dep compound
deal<-case dep nummod compound
safer<-cop nmod:npmod advmod nmod cc conj
sign<-det nmod compound
any<-dep
1.375<-dep
lead<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
aware<-cop nsubj nmod neg mark
cover<-advcl dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
resident<-case compound
topiary<-cc conj
collapse<-nmod
scared<-auxpass advmod
adopt<-nmod nsubj
memory<-nmod:poss amod
bargain-hunting<-case amod
%<-cc conj compound
vacancy<-compound amod
enact<-dobj
walk<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
refuse<-xcomp mark
end<-dep
slide<-nmod dobj
clear<-cop advcl neg
unit<-cc cop conj nmod:poss compound
penetrate<-aux dobj nsubj
Safra<-compound
1950s<-case det
consideration<-dep amod
aspect<-case det nmod amod
author<-det nmod
neat<-nmod
high<-case compound det amod
single-a-3<-cc conj nmod
scrutiny<-cc compound
neglect<-case cc conj
man<-cc conj nmod amod
major<-advmod
process<-nsubj advmod dobj nmod mark
talk<-cop amod neg
Mottram<-appos compound
last<-aux nmod nsubj
newspaper<-amod
tackle<-dep advcl dobj mark
climb<-case nummod nmod
DeLay<-compound
85.60<-case
fine<-nmod amod
embody<-advcl nsubj dobj mark
motivate<-advcl dobj mark
cemetery<-det amod
range<-aux nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
create<-aux nmod
recall<-cc conj dobj ccomp nsubj
draft<-advmod
promise<-xcomp aux advmod nmod nsubj
official<-case cc conj appos amod
guarantee<-ccomp nsubj
unacceptable<-cc cop conj
winter<-case
depreciation<-case cc conj
shift<-nmod compound:prt
measure<-dep det compound
glass<-amod
lawmaker<-det
chain<-case dep compound det amod
bank<-case det acl
hour<-nummod acl
26.125<-case dep advmod
bonus<-acl det amod
erratic<-cop
ice<-case nmod
governor<-case compound det nmod amod
age<-advmod
man<-cop nsubj cc advmod det acl
news<-advmod det amod
Dennis<-cc conj cc:preconj compound
receive<-advcl dobj nsubj
Achenbaum<-advmod compound
product<-dep det compound
party<-compound amod
s<-cc neg det nmod amod conj
prevent<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
understanding<-case det nmod
paper<-case nmod:poss amod
Poles<-dep det
right<-compound
establishment<-cc conj amod nsubj
crime<-cop compound
nine<-case
Influenced<-case cc det nmod compound conj
strain<-det compound
strong<-cop ccomp
clear<-cop advmod ccomp
straddle<-case
effort<-cop amod det nmod mark
congestion<-case
permeate<-cc conj advmod dobj
Standard<-case cc conj det nummod
appearance<-case advmod det nmod
way<-case cop amod neg
delay<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
get<-xcomp aux conj cc nsubj
1001/32<-case
name<-case det
luxury<-case det
now<-cop nsubj mark
weather<-det amod
count<-cop
put<-auxpass advmod
time<-cop amod det acl:relcl nsubj
retrenchment<-dep nmod:poss
name<-det compound
Carolinians<-dep appos compound
1986<-case cc conj acl:relcl
leave<-dep aux dobj iobj nsubj
Palmero<-advmod nmod:poss compound
St.<-appos nmod compound
benefit<-nmod advcl
force<-compound nmod:poss nmod amod
tonic<-cop nsubj advmod det nmod compound
71.75<-case dep advmod nmod
take<-nsubj cc neg dobj advcl aux conj
world<-det det:predet
increase<-case cc conj amod compound
homosexual<-cc conj mark
dead<-cc cop nsubj
jargon<-case compound det amod
income<-nmod compound
craft<-det
careen<-nsubj cc neg nmod compound:prt aux conj
tell<-cc dobj ccomp nsubj
mobilize<-xcomp advcl advmod nsubj
hope<-case det nmod
maker<-cc conj compound nmod:poss amod
image<-case nmod:poss nmod
expect<-xcomp nsubj cc mark aux conj
19<-case
bond<-dep compound amod
work<-nsubj neg advmod nmod mark aux
Ruvolo<-case compound
figure<-cop nsubj cc det amod conj
reluctant<-xcomp cop nsubj mark
put<-cc conj dobj mark
lithograph<-case compound amod
concern<-cc cop nmod nsubj
deal<-cop advmod det nmod
buy<-cc conj advmod dobj
passage<-cop dep advmod det nmod amod acl:relcl dobj
facility<-cc conj compound
attempt<-det nmod ccomp
belief<-case acl:relcl det
growth<-nummod nmod compound
service<-compound nmod amod
campaigning<-case
scheme<-cop compound det acl:relcl mark
82.50<-case dep advmod
candidate<-compound acl:relcl amod
wall<-det acl
shipper<-case amod
magic<-det nmod
cash<-case nmod amod
supply<-case det compound
power<-nmod:poss amod
eat<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
manufacture<-aux advmod nsubj
procedure<-nmod compound
Davis<-case appos compound
cosmetic<-case amod
include<-aux dobj neg nsubj
model<-case det nmod
hunger<-case det acl
Cubans<-case det
irresponsible<-aux csubj cop
Guber<-case nummod advmod compound
expenditure<-nmod:poss nmod
sail<-case det nmod
thinking<-nsubj
support<-aux nsubj dobj mark
5.20<-case dep nmod
tardy<-cop advmod nmod
body<-case cc conj nmod:poss compound
erase<-advmod
device<-case compound det nmod amod
come<-advcl compound:prt nmod mark
rest<-advcl nmod mark
glass<-compound
downgrade<-case cc conj det amod
succeed<-advcl nsubj mark
confident<-cop ccomp nsubj
China<-case nmod compound
space<-nmod
marked<-xcomp cc auxpass conj
accord<-cc nmod
100<-nmod
put<-advmod ccomp nsubj
call<-cop acl nmod nsubj
bond<-nmod compound
minute<-advmod det acl:relcl
37.875<-case dep
Eritreans<-case det
discuss<-nsubj cc neg dobj aux conj
estimate<-xcomp aux
seek<-nsubj ccomp
russian<-auxpass
shutdown<-det amod
policyholder<-case dep compound nmod:poss amod
tie<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
important<-xcomp cop nmod nsubj
embargo<-det
concision<-case nmod
director<-case cc conj det
generator<-compound det nmod amod
tell<-xcomp dobj nmod nsubj
Calif.<-compound
work<-nmod compound
closing<-case det compound
mature<-nmod
survey<-dobj mark
chief<-acl
ready<-xcomp cop nsubj
three<-case nmod
hell<-case det
growth<-case dep amod
Savings<-cc conj compound
follow<-cc dep conj nmod
building<-cc conj nmod amod
reader<-det compound
tool<-compound det amod
piece<-cop acl:relcl det nmod amod
say<-cc dep nsubj
participation<-det amod
action<-case nmod:poss
strap<-auxpass nmod
involve<-nsubj advmod dobj nmod advcl
wash<-neg advmod dobj nsubj
encourage<-ccomp
confidence<-nmod:poss
frippery<-acl:relcl amod
Atlantic<-case det
begin<-advmod nmod:tmod nmod
system<-case cc nummod conj
biographer<-det nmod
favorable<-xcomp cop advmod mark
have<-cc conj
north<-case acl:relcl det
switch<-aux nmod nsubj
husband<-nmod:poss
rubble<-case nmod
midst<-case cop nsubj advmod det nmod
chairman<-case cc conj nmod:poss appos
realize<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
pursuit<-nmod
51<-dep compound
suppose<-cop nmod neg nsubj
plan<-case advmod det nmod amod compound
bill<-dep compound det amod
switch<-cop nmod nsubj
process<-det nmod compound
child<-case acl amod
Korea<-case cc conj
movie<-cop nsubj cc det amod acl:relcl conj mark
1987<-case cop conj advmod cc
user<-case amod
Scotch<-compound
home<-case det
difficult<-dep nmod
comic<-cop advmod advcl
consumer<-cc acl:relcl
seek<-advcl compound:prt dobj mark
goods<-case cc conj det
resident<-case det compound
invoke<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
situate<-advmod nmod
880,000<-dep
%<-dep nummod advmod
send<-dep aux advmod dobj nsubj
relax<-dobj nmod nsubj
44,400<-dep nmod
break<-advmod nmod mark
maturity<-case cc conj nmod amod
difficult<-cc conj advmod ccomp nsubj
area<-appos compound det nmod amod
rate<-dep nmod
student<-cc conj amod
indication<-det acl
nomination<-det nmod amod
wed<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
good<-cop nsubj det acl advcl
machinist<-case det amod
race<-case cc conj
company<-case cc det nmod compound conj
launch<-dobj nmod mark
report<-dep compound
stuff<-case acl nmod amod
carrot<-det nmod
view<-cop nsubj nmod mark
thing<-cop amod det advcl nsubj
processor<-cop compound advmod acl:relcl nsubj
String<-cc cop conj compound mark
study<-nummod nmod compound
benefit<-aux advcl nsubj
Krick<-case appos compound
realize<-aux nsubj ccomp advcl
bring<-aux nmod nsubj
application<-compound amod
plan<-xcomp aux
10:33<-case
comment<-aux neg nsubj
world<-case det compound
declare<-cc conj ccomp
instance<-case nummod
compare<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
brag<-ccomp mark
busy<-nmod
pass<-dobj advmod mark
publicity<-advmod amod
198.41<-case dep
day<-case cc advmod det amod
seat<-det nmod
6.98<-dep
Israelis<-det
%<-dep cop nummod cc neg
plaster<-dep nsubj
reject<-dobj ccomp nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
horrible<-cc cop conj mark
Department<-acl det compound
other<-appos
billion<-case
turbine<-compound amod
price<-case cc nmod amod compound conj nmod:poss
rusticate<-cop nsubj
face<-det compound
cushion<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
quote<-cop advcl
arm<-dep advmod dobj nmod ccomp
accurately<-advmod
importance<-case cop nsubj nmod amod advcl
Fellini<-case
sleep<-det nmod
14<-case
bureaucrat<-compound
Americans<-acl:relcl det acl
likely<-cop advmod ccomp nsubj
sale<-case dep
arbitrary<-advmod det nmod
373/4<-dep compound
costly<-xcomp aux cop nsubj mark
act<-case nummod det compound
quarter<-case cc conj det
Intermediate<-case appos compound
target<-case cop det nsubj
dissemination<-case
require<-advmod nmod
contain<-advmod dobj nsubj
cleanse<-cop det amod
reorganization<-dep det compound
hospitality<-det nmod
mark<-aux dobj nsubj
10218/32<-case
tell<-advmod dobj
part<-acl:relcl det
help<-compound det amod
allow<-aux nmod
cowardly<-ccomp nsubj
legacy<-case det nmod
produce<-cc aux conj advcl
Options<-case nmod compound
actor<-acl:relcl det amod
Mirage<-cc conj
besiege<-case compound amod
single<-cop advmod nmod neg nsubj
%<-case cop nummod
listless<-cc conj
terrific<-advmod
avoid<-cc dobj
ubiquity<-nsubj mark
invitation<-case det nmod
government<-advmod det amod
Fla.<-case compound
terminate<-aux nmod nsubj
bird<-case amod
clear<-dep cop nsubj
Datson<-cc conj appos
know<-nmod csubj mark
coverage<-cop amod
get<-nsubj ccomp mark
wait<-aux nmod mark
fulfill<-dobj nmod mark
dismay<-cop ccomp
share<-cop nmod compound
role<-nmod:poss compound
run<-ccomp nmod mark
head<-cc conj nsubj
light<-neg nmod mark
arrive<-nsubj ccomp mark
restore<-dobj nmod nsubj
B<-cc conj det compound
fuel<-cop nmod mark
concern<-dep advmod
find<-nmod ccomp
scenario<-case compound amod
pay<-aux dobj advcl neg
1991<-cop advmod acl:relcl nsubj
result<-compound det amod
continue<-dobj nmod nsubj
depict<-advcl advmod dobj
issue<-nsubj dobj mark
give<-nsubj neg dobj iobj aux mark
changed.John<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
exit<-case nmod
only<-nmod ccomp
meeting<-case nummod nmod
end<-case nmod compound
attractive<-dep
source<-cop advmod det nmod amod
introduce<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
shoot<-auxpass nmod
pit<-case acl:relcl det
kick<-dobj
put<-dobj compound:prt nmod nsubj
propose<-xcomp aux cop advmod nsubj
less<-cop nmod nsubj
grounds<-neg nmod
trip.at<-dobj nsubj
be<-case ccomp
strong<-dep cop advmod mark
fundamental<-case
exposure<-advmod amod
comfortable<-cop nmod nsubj
announce<-xcomp advcl mark nsubj
crossroads<-case cop conj det cc
pushy<-case amod
night<-case appos compound
building<-nummod amod
delicacy<-case det
issue<-case dep compound
want<-cc ccomp nsubj
series<-case nummod compound amod
hyperinflation<-case
trader<-nmod amod
drink<-case det nmod amod
perception<-compound
watch<-cc dep conj dobj
supporter<-amod
campaign<-compound det nmod amod
building<-det nmod
increase<-neg compound
drawback<-det
vote<-case nummod det compound
buy<-advcl nsubj dobj mark
dress<-nmod advcl
seed<-case det nmod
undermine<-nsubj nmod mark
overhaul<-acl:relcl det amod
Quebec<-case
put<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod dobj
rent-a-colonel<-case det nmod
game<-case dep det compound
run-up<-case acl:relcl det amod
buy<-aux advmod neg nsubj
Dalton<-compound
CBS<-amod
Hardis<-cc conj compound
collect<-case
try<-xcomp nsubj cc advmod dep aux conj
occur<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
countersuit<-det nmod
month<-aux cop amod nmod mark
fire<-nmod
seconds<-case nummod acl
Administration<-compound det amod
stretch<-aux nmod
portray<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
anything<-mark
S&L<-nmod compound
heavier<-cc conj advmod
question<-aux cop det nmod nsubj
friday.the<-case nummod
Motors<-case cc conj nmod compound
name<-case cc conj det nmod
be<-dep aux advcl nsubj
recall<-xcomp nsubj
form<-acl amod
Weirton<-appos nmod
sustain<-dobj nmod mark
Revco<-nmod
device<-case compound amod
conclude<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
cause<-nsubj dobj mark
stock<-cop advmod acl:relcl nsubj
pioneer<-cop det nmod nsubj
draw<-case nummod compound nmod amod
magnify<-cop nsubj cc nmod mark conj
shun<-advcl aux dobj nmod nsubj
concern<-case compound det nmod amod
represent<-ccomp nmod nsubj
outdo<-det compound
accurate<-dep cop nsubj neg mark
designate<-aux auxpass nmod
tire<-amod
defend<-dep aux dobj iobj nsubj
cool<-cc conj dobj mark
act<-nsubj
Bollinger<-case cc conj appos
control<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
attract<-aux dobj nsubj
liberal<-cc conj
demand<-cc cop conj nmod compound
insure<-cc cop conj nmod
accessible<-nmod nsubj
finish<-amod det nmod compound
become<-xcomp nsubj advmod mark advcl aux
lucrative<-cop advmod nsubj
Handicapped<-case det
purchase<-compound nmod:poss nmod amod
technique<-compound
decision<-compound det acl:relcl amod
say<-nsubj advmod ccomp
7/100ths<-nmod
consequence<-nummod nmod
power<-case cc conj nmod:poss
retailer<-appos compound det amod
people<-nmod ccomp
470<-advmod
maintenance<-amod
president<-appos nmod:poss
throw<-cc aux conj nmod nsubj
peak<-nsubj nmod mark
volume<-cc advmod det nmod amod conj
difficult<-xcomp cop nsubj nmod mark aux
Goupil<-appos compound
climb<-cc parataxis conj dobj nsubj
guideline<-acl det amod
dip<-nmod mark
be<-aux nsubj neg mark
breed<-iobj auxpass nsubjpass dobj
start<-advmod dobj
skeptical<-cop advmod nmod
snag<-det nmod amod
chair<-case dep nmod:poss
objection<-case det nmod
letter<-acl:relcl nmod
homemaker<-dep acl:relcl det
provide<-advmod dobj nmod mark
flood<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj
criminal<-case acl:relcl compound
deep-pocketed<-advmod
employee<-cc nummod conj
Partners<-case compound
decline<-cop det nmod amod
Fox<-case dep
customer<-det amod
report<-cop advmod nmod neg nsubj
industry<-cop acl:relcl det nmod nsubj
enactment<-case
integrate<-advcl dobj mark
fund<-compound det nmod amod
prejudice<-dep amod
accompany<-aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod
see<-aux dobj advmod nsubj
branch<-case nummod nmod:poss amod
Ford<-nmod compound
do<-aux advmod nsubj neg mark
address<-advmod dobj nmod mark
issue<-case advmod det amod
one-third<-case advmod
seem<-xcomp neg nsubj
commute<-cop nsubj advmod det nmod amod
group<-nummod nmod compound
know<-dep aux advmod nmod nsubj
master<-dobj mark
crime<-dep
allege<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
shower<-advmod amod
company<-nmod:poss compound
stepchild<-case cop
meeting<-cc conj nmod:poss
rehabilitation<-det
rate<-case cc conj det
Henderson<-case
witness<-acl
risk<-cop compound det amod
431/2<-dep compound
sideline<-case det nmod
expect<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
lead<-det nmod compound
reset<-ccomp nsubj
selling<-nsubj dobj mark
calculate<-xcomp nsubj
Corp.<-acl:relcl nmod compound
expand<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
wise<-xcomp cop advmod nsubj
perform<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
freight-transport<-cc conj
wish<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
town<-cop det nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
deal<-case nummod advmod nmod amod
plant<-nmod:poss nmod
significance<-case compound
cap<-case acl:relcl det amod
progress<-case det nmod
pass<-aux nsubj dobj advcl mark
member<-case nmod:poss compound
two<-cop advmod acl:relcl nmod
unchanged<-cop nsubj nmod mark
installation<-case nmod:tmod nmod amod
year<-aux cop det amod nsubj
spawn<-auxpass advmod
3.33<-dep acl:relcl
blow<-advmod compound:prt nsubj
connect<-nsubj ccomp mark
131/2<-dep compound
know<-nsubj cc advmod dobj advcl conj mark
reinsurance<-det
commitment<-xcomp nsubj
amount<-amod det nmod nsubj
anxious<-xcomp advmod
Inc.<-cop compound nmod nsubj
express<-dobj nmod advmod nsubj
nothing<-advcl
bad<-cop advmod nmod ccomp
hide<-nmod dobj
base<-cc cop conj nmod
respond<-aux advcl nmod nsubj
hit<-dep nsubj dobj
stuff<-nsubj
9821/32<-case
pressure<-case cop advmod amod
presence<-det nmod
confinement<-amod
arise<-cc advcl conj advmod nsubj
hold<-cc advmod nmod nsubj
make<-advcl mark
member<-case nummod nmod:poss
riverfront<-case det compound
become<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass mark
resistant<-case dep
develop<-dobj nsubj
answer<-dobj iobj mark
most<-acl:relcl
keep<-aux nsubj dobj mark
conserve<-dobj nmod mark
Marcos<-case nmod compound
Trotter<-amod nmod compound
pass<-nmod nsubj
practical<-nmod nsubj
foolish<-xcomp cop advmod nsubj
goods<-nmod
probably<-ccomp nsubj
porch<-dep det compound
Corp.<-cop nsubj cc advmod acl:relcl compound conj
approach<-amod
bring<-xcomp discourse
spurt<-det nmod
Dry<-cc conj compound det amod
prediction<-case nmod:poss nmod
increase<-aux nmod cop
business<-case compound acl:relcl amod
Jr.<-nmod compound
565,000<-dep advmod nmod
show<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
buy<-cc aux conj dobj
superstar<-case dep det nmod
incentive<-case det amod
operate<-dep dobj advcl
depend<-xcomp auxpass nmod
levy<-dobj nmod nsubj
Warner<-case appos
Britain<-case cc conj compound
bring<-iobj dobj
Corp.<-case cc conj acl:relcl compound
Thatcher<-case
tale<-det amod
chunk<-case nmod amod
long<-dep amod
guest<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
allude<-det nmod compound
indirectness<-det nmod
guarantee<-cop nsubj cc nmod mark acl:relcl aux conj
3.01<-dep
pare<-dep cop nmod
Kemper<-appos
acquire<-aux
celebrity<-nmod
spend<-xcomp aux dobj nsubj
agency<-cc conj amod
cereal<-compound
marry<-xcomp
selling<-acl:relcl det
gathering<-case compound
hold<-nsubj nmod compound:prt mark iobj aux dobj
left<-case cc conj det
lunch<-dep cop amod neg
day<-case nummod det nmod amod
deduct<-dobj mark
issue<-cop cc neg det compound conj
brokerage<-nmod:poss
stock<-neg
Newquist<-compound
write<-compound
broadcast<-dobj nsubj
reordering<-acl:relcl det amod
proceeds<-case det compound
facility<-case compound
refuse<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
higher<-neg nmod cop
charge<-acl:relcl det amod
enter<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
intervention<-nmod amod
target<-ccomp nsubj
unloaded<-compound
Semel<-cc conj appos compound
engineer<-cc conj
CDU<-det
regulations.it<-nmod:poss
collaborate<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
far-reaching<-cop
strength<-case amod
Prudential-Bache<-dep nsubj
catch<-aux dobj advcl compound:prt
commanding<-parataxis ccomp nsubj
acceleration<-det compound
dissolve<-auxpass advmod nmod:tmod mark
doubtful<-cop advmod ccomp
enlightenment<-det nmod amod
10119/32<-case
kill<-nsubj advmod mark
plunge<-amod
46<-cc conj
view<-aux nmod advcl
enforcement<-nmod
initiative<-compound det amod
make<-dobj compound:prt nmod nsubj
carry<-dobj compound:prt
booth<-case compound
whipsawing<-case det amod
carry<-cc conj ccomp iobj dobj
make<-dobj nmod compound:prt
customer<-case nummod compound amod
bilge<-det
sublet<-dobj nmod mark
Democrat<-det amod
space<-case acl amod
volume<-nmod:poss nmod
Reynolds<-dep
put<-nsubj dobj mark
nature<-cop nsubj advmod det nmod aux
unveil<-advcl nsubj dobj mark
detail<-amod
customer<-neg
great-grandfather<-nmod:poss
develop<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
raise<-dep dobj
like<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
treatment<-compound amod
partner<-compound amod
go<-cc parataxis advmod nmod nsubj
circulate<-dobj
border<-case det nmod compound
legislation<-case nummod advmod amod
sell<-dep dobj nmod mark
issue<-case nmod
fall<-aux advmod neg nsubj
committed<-xcomp dobj
income<-advmod amod
9,360<-dep
affair<-cop acl:relcl det amod
drop<-advmod ccomp nsubj
portfolio<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss
turn<-cc conj compound:prt dobj mark
attribute<-nsubj nmod dobj
buoy<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
borrowing<-cc conj
press<-advmod nsubj
Dynamics<-case compound
he<-acl:relcl amod
above<-dep cop
inflow<-compound advmod amod
filing<-appos det
hat<-det acl
Tharp<-case acl:relcl compound
get<-dep advmod dobj nsubj
argument<-nmod:poss ccomp
limit<-nmod dobj
concern<-advcl cop advmod nmod nsubj
part<-cc appos det nmod amod conj
unfair<-cop
end<-acl:relcl compound det nmod amod
oriental<-nmod
rebound<-case nmod compound
grim<-advmod
Massachusetts<-case cc conj
heritage<-compound amod
441/2<-dep compound
tv<-dep nsubj
(<-case dep
drag<-case det nmod amod
royalty<-case cc conj det nmod
suburb<-case compound det amod
wing<-dep compound
deadwood<-case appos amod
adopt<-dep dobj nmod:tmod mark
Wright<-case
equity<-amod
hunky-dory<-cop nsubj
import<-case nmod:poss
Mattress<-compound
107.50<-case dep
Electron<-case acl:relcl compound
struggle<-compound amod
quota<-det compound
come<-case nmod:tmod
good<-cop
maneuver<-case det nmod amod
locate<-dobj nmod mark
Japan<-case nmod
institution<-nummod det
wield<-cop nsubj dep advmod cc iobj conj
end<-nsubj cc advmod dobj aux compound:prt
get<-parataxis aux advmod dobj
bomber<-case det
owner<-compound advmod det amod
boost<-cc conj compound det amod
artistic<-cc conj
floor<-cc dep conj det
mad<-cc cop dep ccomp mark
87<-dep nmod
man<-acl:relcl det amod
trader<-cc conj amod
guard<-cc cop advmod nmod nsubj
mathematician<-case amod
problem<-dep
standard<-case cop cc det amod conj
exercise<-cop amod
pitcher<-case
this<-case dep conj cc
president<-dep cop appos compound amod
financing<-case acl:relcl
oppose<-ccomp
car<-case cc conj nmod compound
improve<-xcomp mark
44<-dep compound
catch<-auxpass advmod nmod ccomp
play<-nmod amod
sue<-xcomp advmod nsubj
ratio<-cc dep nmod:poss nmod
solution<-cop dobj nsubj dep neg nmod amod expl mark
bar<-det compound
U.S.<-case det acl
serpent<-det
run<-case dep compound amod
fondest<-nsubj ccomp mark
policy<-case det nmod compound
discuss<-xcomp dobj
Chile<-case dep
Stanza<-nmod:poss amod
trivialize<-dobj mark
unnerve<-cop nmod nsubj
introduce<-nsubj dep nmod dobj aux mark
profit<-cc conj nmod mark
stolen.The<-cop ccomp dobj
past<-case compound
million<-dep cop compound
sit<-aux nsubj nmod advcl
move<-dep advmod det compound
revenue<-case compound det nmod amod
9.80<-dep
inflation<-dep det compound
day<-advmod
least<-case mark
monitor<-ccomp nsubj
move<-xcomp aux nmod:tmod nsubj
floor<-nmod:poss
service<-nsubj
expect<-xcomp aux nsubj neg advcl
shop<-nmod:tmod nmod mark
expense<-case
allow<-cc aux conj nmod
affiliate<-nmod
competitor<-nmod
provision<-nmod:poss amod
specialize<-nmod nsubj
charge<-dep det nmod
slowdown<-det nmod
take<-nsubj mark
couple<-case nsubj det nmod amod aux mark
calculation<-case cc conj det amod
ripen<-advmod nmod nsubj
subsidiary<-det
movie<-appos det
plea<-case nmod:poss
Lawson<-case cc conj compound
make<-aux dobj mark
start<-aux nsubj iobj dobj mark
raise<-dobj iobj mark
campaign<-case det nmod compound
gain<-dep det
market<-nummod det nmod
pc<-case
board<-case cop advmod det nsubj
guarantee<-nmod amod
use<-cop acl nsubj
solicit<-aux advcl nmod dobj
remember<-nsubj advmod nmod:tmod dobj discourse aux
permissible<-nmod
blurt<-compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
spending<-dep cc conj nmod compound
generate<-nmod nsubj
supervise<-dobj mark
young<-advmod
accuse<-nmod
director<-acl:relcl nmod:poss amod
appoint<-dep advmod dobj
use<-cc advmod dobj nsubj
test<-dep amod
reconsider<-dobj nmod mark
pound<-case
freedom<-dep nmod
asset<-nmod amod
impact<-acl:relcl nmod:poss
fall<-nmod:poss nmod amod
casino<-case det compound
bright<-advmod
story<-acl:relcl det amod
propose<-xcomp nmod nsubj
attack<-case cop ccomp
indicate<-xcomp mark
121/2<-case
Greenwood<-appos compound
claim<-nsubj ccomp nmod mark
grapple<-aux advmod nmod
pragmatism<-case acl
attempt<-dep det nmod compound
resident<-case nmod:poss
gamble<-dep case amod
Hoffman<-case acl:relcl compound
crow<-nmod amod
get<-cc conj compound:prt mark
jeopardize<-xcomp nsubj mark
exist<-nsubj ccomp mark
execute<-nmod dobj
promotion<-compound det amod
}<-dep nmod:tmod nsubj
building<-case det nmod compound
render<-xcomp
sit<-dep advmod nsubj
rattle<-nsubj dep dobj cc advcl aux conj
(<-cc conj advmod det compound
flunk<-aux dobj nsubj
all<-case cop nmod nsubj
recall<-advmod dobj nsubj
planet<-case
hire<-aux advcl dobj
run<-cc conj dobj nsubj
use<-cop det nmod nsubj
offense<-det
tumble<-case nmod compound
dead<-cop nsubj dep advmod nmod cc conj
discount<-cc conj ccomp nmod dobj
relationship<-nmod:poss
report<-case nmod
history<-case compound
sharpen<-cc conj nmod nsubj
principal<-cc conj
Matisse<-det compound
repertoire<-cc conj nsubj mark
clock<-cc conj nmod
Fluent<-cc conj nmod:tmod nmod
informal<-aux cop ccomp nsubj
advertising<-case cc conj nmod amod
tone<-cop amod det acl nsubj
settle<-dep dobj
base<-cc conj nmod compound
apparently<-dep nsubj
deal<-dep nmod:poss nmod compound
criticism<-acl:relcl nmod amod
finish<-nmod mark
agree<-parataxis nsubj
show<-nmod nsubj
visit<-dep nsubj dobj
dine<-nmod nsubj
bidding<-det amod
trade<-case compound
legion<-nmod:poss nmod
operate<-xcomp dobj nsubj
feature<-det nmod compound
offer<-cop advmod nmod neg nsubj
strain<-xcomp neg
use<-aux dobj
credit<-nmod
Raeder<-case compound
happen<-aux nsubj advcl mark
carnival<-det amod
member<-case nummod nmod amod
appal<-nmod
perspective<-nsubj
booklet<-amod
approach<-case dep det amod
strong<-xcomp cop nsubj advmod mark
strike<-aux advmod dobj
plan<-acl amod
rule<-case dep det
gift<-det
effort<-acl
sink<-advcl nsubj dobj mark
base<-case det compound
2.32<-dep
total<-dep dobj
gallon<-case nummod det nmod
Friday<-nmod compound
prosecutor<-xcomp
more<-dep cop advmod nsubj
Minikes<-appos amod compound
Donuts<-case compound
deer<-appos
launch<-case acl det nmod compound
1974<-case cop advmod mark
Waldbaum<-case det
permission<-case nmod:poss compound
taunt<-dep advcl dobj nsubj
innovate<-dobj nsubj
750<-case dep
advocate<-det amod
coupon<-det
client<-acl:relcl
holding<-case nmod
endorse<-ccomp nsubj
take<-nsubj dobj nmod:tmod mark
concern<-case dep amod
tie<-case amod
passenger<-case
result<-aux compound:prt dobj nsubj
crop<-det
assessment<-det nmod amod
captive<-dobj mark
damage<-case acl
track<-dobj
technology<-case dep compound det amod
cuban<-dep advmod dobj
director<-cc conj nmod:poss
publication<-cop nsubj cc det ccomp conj amod
s<-cc conj compound
sell<-aux nmod:tmod nmod mark
day<-nummod det amod
9000<-det
miss<-dobj nmod nsubj
quake<-case nmod:poss amod
strength<-det nmod
university<-case
appropriate<-cop nmod neg
market<-case cop nsubj neg det mark amod
latin<-case nmod:poss
Co<-cop compound nsubj
innovation<-case nmod:poss nmod
decade<-case nummod det amod
mean<-aux ccomp nmod nsubj
continue<-nmod:tmod nsubj
sentence<-compound amod
scar<-det
)<-nsubj ccomp nmod mark
licens<-det
stand<-nmod:poss nmod
provide<-aux dobj neg nsubj
diversion<-case
trouble<-compound
estate<-acl nmod amod
prosecute<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
Messrs.Drabinsky<-cc conj
dump<-nmod dobj
meet<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
environmental<-cc conj compound
train<-xcomp
PRI<-det
fan<-compound amod
say<-cc ccomp
shun<-ccomp nsubj
layer<-compound nmod:poss amod
petition<-det
man<-nummod acl:relcl
order<-case det nmod
discount<-det amod
Webster<-case compound
fit<-dobj advmod nsubj
tend<-nmod nsubj
generalist<-det
Decker<-dep compound
}<-case cc conj acl amod
analyst<-cop advmod acl:relcl nmod
image<-nsubj dep mark cc conj nmod:poss
russian<-cop compound nsubj mark
week<-case advmod det amod
Street<-case cc conj cc:preconj compound
rating<-nmod:poss nmod
travel<-ccomp nsubj
slow<-nmod mark
move<-nsubj nmod advcl
top<-det
slow<-aux cop nmod advmod nsubj
use<-compound nmod nsubj
look<-nmod dobj
attitude<-case compound
come<-xcomp parataxis nsubj
pension<-case acl nmod:poss amod
Hewlett-Packard<-cc conj
capable<-dep advcl
fall<-advmod
seniority<-case amod
Tarter<-appos compound
specialist<-det nmod
pop<-case amod
view<-case appos nmod:poss
reduce<-aux dobj
value<-case nummod nmod compound
administration<-det nmod compound
make<-discourse advmod dobj nmod nsubj
Insurance<-compound acl:relcl amod
Kaplan<-dep compound
determine<-advmod ccomp nsubj
contain<-compound:prt iobj dobj nsubj
robber<-case
proceeds<-case nmod
unsupported<-advmod
order<-acl:relcl det compound
await<-aux dobj
business<-acl:relcl nsubj
democracy<-case amod
misrepresentation<-det
fact<-case nmod compound
about<-xcomp aux neg nmod nsubj
heel<-case nmod:poss
due<-cop nsubj advmod mark
Now<-compound
tarnish<-case nummod compound det amod
novel<-compound det nmod amod
%<-case cc nummod amod dep conj
trust<-nsubj
sighting<-case amod
Roulac<-compound
obtain<-cc xcomp conj dobj nsubj
pertussis<-case det
conduct<-nmod compound
good<-cc cop conj compound nsubj
roustabout<-cc conj
service<-dep cop amod
educate<-advmod dobj
attract<-cc conj dobj mark
victim<-det nmod
agency<-dep det nmod
diagnose<-dobj mark
spend<-advcl dobj nmod:tmod nmod mark
accumulate<-auxpass nmod dobj
summer<-cop nmod amod
star<-nmod nsubj
deny<-dobj mark
Belli<-compound
4.54<-dep
investment<-compound amod
merger<-det acl
throw<-advcl aux compound:prt nmod nsubj
fizz<-compound det nmod amod
leasing<-nsubj nmod mark
degree<-case nmod:poss nmod
temblor<-det
Thornburgh<-case compound
loan<-nmod:poss
basket<-nmod amod
patent<-case compound amod
expect<-dep dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
book<-det nmod amod
Constitution<-cc conj det nmod
install<-nmod dobj
keep<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
usher<-nsubj nmod advcl
want<-advcl nsubj
issue<-dep advmod compound
sell-off<-case det amod
combine<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
waste<-cop nsubj det nmod mark aux
973/4<-case
Bauernfeind<-appos compound
disrupt<-auxpass nsubjpass mark
zone<-det compound
coterie<-det nmod amod
deal<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
decor<-case amod
begin<-dobj mark
cautious<-dep cop advcl mark
subsidize<-nmod dobj
kickback<-det
law<-case cc conj nmod compound
question<-neg nmod compound
scant<-advmod
Alarcon<-cc conj compound
something<-dep cop acl:relcl
Food<-dep
let<-aux nsubj ccomp advmod mark
strange<-ccomp
increase<-advcl cop nsubj amod mark
pitch<-det nmod
offset<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj aux mark
net<-nmod:poss amod
loss<-case cc conj nmod amod
division<-case amod compound
priority<-cop appos nmod:poss amod
issue<-compound amod nmod nsubj
5,000<-dep cc conj advmod nmod
take<-mark
subsidy<-case nmod
park<-case compound det nmod amod
composition<-case cc conj det nmod
not<-xcomp cc conj ccomp nsubj
pettiness<-cc conj det nmod
spender<-cop nsubj cc neg advmod det amod
commit<-cc conj dobj mark
daunting<-advmod
continue<-dep xcomp nsubj
ship<-case amod
establish<-advmod nmod mark
gather<-nsubj dep nmod dobj cc conj mark
closer<-cop nsubj ccomp nmod mark
{<-dobj mark
stop<-mark nsubj nmod dobj
gang<-det
profit<-dobj nmod compound:prt
papers<-case det
lower<-nsubj
post<-det compound
foresee<-advmod dobj nsubj
potential<-det amod
add<-aux nmod mark
good<-dobj
meeting<-case compound nmod:poss amod
reduction<-case nummod det nmod
effort<-case compound nmod amod
economy<-case compound det amod
ambush<-nsubj dobj mark
company<-case dep nummod amod
keep<-nsubj neg advmod nmod dobj aux mark
early<-cc conj
allotment<-dep nmod
Williamsburg<-dep
build<-case dobj advmod compound:prt
loss<-case det nmod:tmod amod
internationally<-case compound nmod amod
relate<-cc conj nmod nsubj
nation<-det compound
pore<-nmod
Sununu<-case compound
occur<-aux advmod nsubj neg mark
fertility<-case cc conj
Big<-cop nummod det nmod amod
coping<-nmod
volatility<-compound det amod
quality<-compound
taste<-det amod
hit<-amod
swiss<-case nummod amod
uncover<-nsubj
legume.but<-acl:relcl det
print<-cop nmod
20.125<-case dep
Mussolini<-case
volatility<-case compound amod
hold<-dobj iobj mark
indulge<-auxpass nmod dobj
sale<-amod det compound
accord<-compound det acl:relcl amod
bone<-cop amod det nmod nsubj
toll<-nmod
987/32<-case cop advmod nsubj
forge<-advcl dobj mark
advance<-aux dobj nsubj
entitle<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
delegation<-case compound det amod
expect<-dep aux xcomp nsubj
hire<-aux advmod advcl
sue<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
drop<-case nmod:poss compound
891/8<-case dep conj cc compound
authorize<-auxpass nmod
telephone<-case
5.58<-dep
Park<-nmod compound
2.125<-case dep
Caucus<-case det nmod amod
police<-case det compound
retreat<-case cop dep nsubj mark
oil<-case cc conj nmod:poss nmod
quarter<-cc case conj det amod
R.I.<-case dep compound
symposium<-compound
force<-aux acl cop
say<-nmod mark
run<-compound:prt
opponent<-case nmod amod
expect<-nsubj neg advmod dobj advcl aux
Aikman<-case nmod compound
drilling<-nummod advmod det amod
concern<-nummod det compound
operate<-advcl advmod nmod nsubj
have<-xcomp cc conj advmod nsubj
five<-case dep advmod compound
character<-case nmod amod
tea<-advmod
these<-det:predet
project<-cop acl
fragmented<-cop advmod ccomp nsubj
apartment<-case acl:relcl det compound
Payne<-case appos acl:relcl compound
trade<-aux nsubj
pursue<-nsubj ccomp mark
base<-cop nsubj nmod amod mark
use<-aux cop advmod nsubj
allege<-xcomp aux ccomp nmod nsubj
receive<-aux
sweeten<-dobj nmod nsubj
dismiss<-nsubj cc neg dobj advcl aux
Isabella<-cc conj
deliver<-nmod dobj
cart<-compound det amod
dividend<-case compound det amod
work<-advcl advmod nmod nsubj
liquidate<-cop mark
handle<-cc conj nmod:tmod nmod advcl
get<-aux nsubj dobj nmod advcl
dire<-dep det compound
S.A.<-nmod compound
move<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
year<-case advmod det compound
inflow<-det amod
head<-case cc conj det
option<-case nummod nmod
spending<-cc conj amod
investor<-case acl:relcl amod
switch<-nmod nsubj
Sununu<-case cc conj compound
choose<-cc conj mark dobj nsubj
court<-dep cop mark
assemble<-advmod nmod compound:prt auxpass nsubjpass aux
stock<-cc conj amod compound
understand<-dobj
swell<-dobj nmod nsubj
hear<-aux advmod advcl nsubj
home<-det nmod amod
downward<-advmod
debenture<-case acl:relcl amod
phone<-nummod
yuppie<-case
generalist<-case det
inflation<-parataxis aux cop advcl nsubj
grant<-nsubj advmod dobj
fee<-compound acl:relcl amod
difference<-det acl
Crutzen<-appos compound
job<-cc cop conj compound
Highland<-dep compound
drawback<-case det nmod amod
overzealousness<-case amod
36.125<-case dep nmod
flatten<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass nmod
sign<-cop nsubj det nmod amod aux
market<-dep cop det
package<-case nmod
crash<-dep det compound
hiker<-cc conj
lower<-dep nmod
authority<-compound nmod:poss amod
question<-amod det nsubj
ignore<-dep advmod
upturn<-dep det nmod amod
open<-advmod nmod:tmod dobj
store<-compound nmod:poss amod
pullback<-case det nmod amod
Columbia<-compound
turn<-xcomp aux compound:prt neg nsubj
movement<-compound nmod:poss nsubj
industrialist<-det amod
steady<-advmod
issue<-case dep amod
drop<-advcl nmod nsubj
painting<-det compound
guard<-cc conj compound amod
make<-cc conj nmod dobj
good<-cop nmod advcl
1900s<-case det amod
would<-advmod
analyze<-mark
move<-dep
interested<-dep cop nmod nsubj
tap<-dobj mark
adopt<-advmod dobj nsubj
yen<-nummod advmod amod
invest<-advmod mark
pricing<-case
unfair<-nmod:npmod
lower<-ccomp nsubj
sheet<-case compound
operate<-dep nsubj nmod dobj
ethos<-case det nmod
demise<-det
center<-nmod nsubj
Martin<-compound amod
pledge<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
continental<-dep
enter<-advcl dobj nsubj
other<-advcl
apparently<-ccomp nsubj
claim<-ccomp nmod nsubj
trade<-cop nmod mark
663/8<-dep nmod compound
survival<-neg compound
library<-case cc conj det
sign<-nsubj cc neg nmod mark aux conj
senior<-dep cc conj nmod
plummet<-advcl nsubj
bonus<-nmod
accuse<-aux dobj neg nsubj
unavailable<-cop nmod
hospitalize<-dep cop advmod
intervene<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
allocate<-dobj nmod nsubj
lender<-case compound amod
underwrite<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
time<-neg
reason<-cop ccomp neg
common<-nmod nsubj
62,000<-case
60-40<-case nmod
mistress<-dep cc conj amod
debut<-nmod:poss compound
office<-compound det nmod amod
watch<-cc conj nsubj ccomp mark
go<-aux nsubj ccomp neg mark
buttress<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
deck<-case
watt<-nummod
set<-compound:prt nmod dobj
return<-compound
burglary<-cc nummod conj
cloud<-dobj nsubj
fly<-dobj nmod mark
directive<-case acl:relcl compound
select<-dobj nsubj
discover<-parataxis advmod ccomp nsubj
snack-food<-dep nmod amod
payment<-case compound det amod
story<-case det nmod compound
Infiniti<-cc conj
allow<-xcomp aux dobj neg nsubj
none<-acl
tiff<-cc conj compound
arm<-case det nmod compound
AMR<-cc conj appos compound
stand<-compound:prt nmod mark
hearing<-case det amod
month<-case acl:relcl det
file<-case cop amod det mark
us<-cc dep case
senator<-compound det nmod amod
say<-cc conj nsubj
stampede<-aux ccomp nmod neg nsubj
transmit<-dobj nmod nsubj
earthquake<-case cc conj det compound
opposition<-case nmod
piling<-case acl:relcl advmod det nmod
finding<-case nmod:poss
reactivate<-dobj nsubj
music<-case amod
pace<-case det nmod
chew<-xcomp aux compound:prt
morning<-case acl:relcl det amod
provide<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
outflow<-case det
executive<-cop nmod compound
tag.more<-compound det nmod amod
profit<-nummod det amod
dwarf<-advmod dobj nsubj
nice<-nmod
ask<-xcomp
promise<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
U.S.<-case appos det nmod
rest<-nmod nsubj
involve<-advcl nsubj mark
367<-case dep advmod
CBOE<-case det
head<-cop nsubj nmod mark
need<-nmod nsubj
call<-dobj nmod nsubj
meet<-advcl advmod nsubj
rise<-amod det compound
Paul<-cc conj compound
examination<-case nummod nmod
increase<-advcl dobj advmod mark
cost<-acl
start<-nsubj dep dobj cc iobj conj
legislation<-case acl:relcl
Pioneer<-case amod
break<-aux nsubj nmod mark
ear<-dep amod
pilot<-case cc conj det compound
restore<-advmod dobj
speed<-nsubj cc nmod dobj conj mark
give<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj
flight<-dep compound
build<-cc conj dobj
state<-case det acl
accident<-case
countermove<-det det:predet
visitor<-acl:relcl nmod
feeling<-advcl mark
tumble<-dep
want<-nsubj advmod dobj ccomp mark
375.92<-case
let<-dep nsubj dobj mark
pick<-xcomp mark
bureau<-case det
double<-aux nsubj nmod mark
degree<-case det
papers<-amod
Jenco<-case compound
number<-compound det nmod dobj
)<-advcl dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
Ries<-nmod compound
forbid<-advmod ccomp nsubj
hesitation<-case
nobody<-nmod
eliminate<-dobj ccomp nsubj
Amex<-case det
completion<-case nmod
criticism<-cc dep conj nmod:poss nmod
dwelling<-det amod
mentality<-nummod compound
bet<-compound
provide<-dobj advmod mark
culmination<-det nmod amod
sensor<-cc conj amod compound
innovate<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
make<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
key<-cop det nmod nsubj
outstanding<-nmod:npmod nmod
Europe<-case amod
contract<-case amod det compound
tea<-case
researcher<-case
increase<-xcomp advmod
affinity<-case det
expansion<-compound amod
Taster<-case
harder<-xcomp cop advmod nsubj
desecration<-case
pare<-case nmod:poss amod
week<-dep det
satire<-case acl:relcl det
bidder<-appos det amod
encouraged<-auxpass
steelmaker<-case dep nmod:poss amod
join<-cc conj dobj mark
landowner<-cop amod det nmod nsubj
this<-cop acl:relcl
ignore<-cop nsubj cc neg advmod aux conj
Investments<-dep acl:relcl compound
pedal<-dobj
4.83<-dep
theater<-case
consider<-xcomp advcl
Dell<-case
disclose<-xcomp advmod dobj nsubj
compromise<-amod
appetite<-advcl nsubj
call<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
supplies<-cc xcomp nsubj
complicated<-cop nsubj neg advmod ccomp advcl
call<-dep det nmod amod
Corp.<-cop appos nmod compound
magazine<-advmod det nmod
celebrated<-advmod
repay<-auxpass nmod
abate<-nsubj advmod mark
Gordon<-compound
beginning<-case det compound
tell<-aux advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
pay<-aux ccomp nmod nsubj
certain<-xcomp cop nsubj
aunt<-det nmod
Read<-case cc conj compound
Family<-det
actress<-appos compound nmod:poss amod
308.32<-case dep nmod
discovery<-det
year<-case dep nmod
FASB<-det
interest<-case det nmod
something<-case amod
1953<-case
30<-compound
Kaifu<-compound
talk<-advcl dobj mark
operate<-xcomp nsubj dobj mark
sale<-case acl:relcl det nmod
trait<-case dep advmod det
postmark<-nmod
one<-dep appos acl:relcl acl
accusation<-nmod
exist<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj
become<-xcomp nsubj cc advmod advcl aux conj
sink<-dobj nsubj
Design<-case
housing<-case
appropriator<-xcomp nsubj
regressive<-nsubj
Krenz<-cop compound acl nsubj
step<-case det compound
loyalty<-compound amod
thought<-xcomp nsubj
scientist<-dep advmod
expenditure<-case compound
stance<-det nmod amod
heat<-det amod
surge<-nmod:poss nmod
public<-acl det amod
work<-case dep det nmod
sink<-amod det compound
call<-case nmod
taxpayer<-det nmod
presence<-compound det amod
get<-aux dobj neg
stop<-case det compound
command<-det compound
aim<-case compound nmod amod
buy<-nsubj ccomp mark
approve<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
buy<-dobj nmod:tmod advmod mark
shop<-case cc conj compound
deductibility<-det
comment<-cc conj ccomp nmod nsubj
analyst<-cc det ccomp
jam<-xcomp dobj nsubj
factor<-nmod amod
soldier<-case det
Accord<-case cc conj nmod:poss amod
quake<-cc conj
restyle<-ccomp nsubj
question<-det acl
piano<-case cc conj det
gist<-dep cop advmod det nmod
triggered<-dobj nsubj
Major<-cc conj compound
registration<-cc conj det nmod
generation<-dep acl:relcl acl
indecisiveness<-case cc conj det dep
province<-case det compound
spending<-dobj mark
what<-advmod amod
pirate<-aux cop advcl nsubj
way<-nmod:poss nmod
filter<-cop nmod
market<-case cc conj nmod:poss compound
indistinguishable<-cop advmod nmod
fear<-case det
Webster<-case
raise<-cop nmod
combination<-cop nsubj det nmod mark aux
deliver<-advmod dobj nmod mark
laxative<-case det
program<-case dep compound amod
figure<-cc nummod advmod det amod conj
differently<-advmod
robe<-amod
provide<-xcomp neg
limit<-case advmod nmod dobj
Whitford<-compound
step<-cop amod det nmod nsubj
punish<-dobj
structure<-case det compound
remain<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
defend<-nsubj dobj mark
league<-det
vendetta<-case det
well-known<-cc cop conj parataxis
purpose<-nmod:poss det
trouble<-case cop nsubj cc mark conj
service<-nmod:tmod
dictatorship<-case det amod
drain<-case compound det det:predet
concept<-det compound
range<-dobj nsubj
Exchange<-case cc conj compound
adjustment<-det nmod amod
Europe<-amod
report<-advmod nmod nsubj
domination<-amod
lawn<-case det acl
bear<-nsubj dobj advcl
quarter<-appos nmod:poss amod
re-creating<-dobj mark
cross<-advmod mark
chimpanzee<-case
vague<-advmod
shut<-aux compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
highest<-dep cop det
introduce<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod mark
conduct<-det nmod
change<-neg nmod
Pacific<-dep cop nsubj
attempt<-case compound nmod:poss nmod amod
Dow<-case nummod det amod
easier<-xcomp cop ccomp nsubj
Andersson<-compound
appropriation<-amod
year<-case compound det amod
plant<-compound det nmod amod
Prison<-case nmod compound
discrimination<-case amod
don<-case compound
factor<-dep det
promise<-case cc conj det det:predet
Midler<-case nummod compound
shoulder<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
work<-cop
stickiness<-acl:relcl det compound
plunge<-det
funding<-dobj
transfer<-cc conj det nmod
shareholder<-nmod:poss
profit<-advcl
confidence<-nmod
happen<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
pay<-cc conj dobj
find<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
inefficient<-cc conj
headline<-case det compound
fail<-cc aux xcomp neg advcl
agency<-det amod
objectivity<-cc conj nmod
maze<-case nmod
play<-nmod
require<-advcl
sailing<-amod
find<-aux nmod
fabric<-nmod:poss amod
withdraw<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
defect<-case
novice<-advmod det amod
media<-case det
fund<-advmod compound
do<-nsubj cc advmod dobj aux mark
clerk<-cop acl:relcl det
cavalier<-advmod nmod
corruption<-case nmod:poss amod
buy<-cc advcl conj dobj mark
undergo<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
factor<-dep amod
signing<-det
1958<-case
975/32<-case aux cop advmod nsubj
plead<-xcomp nmod
allow<-xcomp nsubj cc advmod dobj dep aux
affect<-nmod nsubj
statistics<-case nmod amod
everything<-cop nmod nsubj
Tomash<-appos compound
26<-advmod
objective<-det amod
delighted<-cop nsubj cc nmod mark conj
HIAA<-dep det
generous<-advmod
croissant<-cc conj
defender<-case det
man<-dep acl:relcl det
adopt<-advcl nsubj nmod mark
hub<-nmod:poss compound
100<-advmod amod
invest<-cc conj mark
aware<-cop nmod
happen<-amod compound
have<-xcomp cc conj cc:preconj nsubj
counterpart<-appos
long<-cop
16,500<-cop dep advcl advmod nmod acl expl aux
hit<-det nmod amod
invent<-nsubj dobj advcl
crazy<-cop advmod nsubj
retire<-dobj mark
Department<-cop det nmod compound
butt<-cop det nmod nsubj
school<-dep nmod amod
timing<-case nmod
posture<-det amod
accept<-advcl dobj nsubj
predict<-cop advmod ccomp
deliver<-nsubj cc advmod mark aux conj
neighbor<-appos nmod:poss
water<-dep det
lend<-aux nsubj dobj advcl mark
drop<-nummod det compound
dominate<-advcl advmod dobj
$<-cop nsubj dep nummod advmod nmod mark dobj
item<-nummod det
store<-xcomp nmod:tmod nsubj
law<-case cc conj compound
ton<-case dep nummod amod
injure<-cc auxpass nsubjpass conj nmod
attract<-cc advmod dobj nsubj
whitewash<-det
unknown<-cop det nmod nsubj
be<-cc conj nsubj dobj
3<-case advmod
widow<-case amod
receive<-ccomp nsubj dobj nmod advcl
Iowa<-case cc conj
gainer<-case
briefcase<-dep
mean<-xcomp advmod
briefcase<-det
lounge<-case det amod
lawyer<-cop nsubj neg det mark acl:relcl
maintain<-parataxis aux conj cc advcl
appear<-xcomp aux nsubj
repair<-aux cop nsubj advmod mark
Pettit<-appos compound
hybrid<-nmod
strong<-cop nsubj cc neg advmod advcl
emerge<-aux ccomp
forth<-nmod
seize<-dep aux advmod nmod nsubj
face<-nsubj mark
development<-cc conj compound
tunnel<-case cc det nmod compound conj
creep<-dep compound
Ingram<-compound
block<-dep aux dobj nmod nsubj
Contra<-cc conj cc:preconj det
need<-dobj nmod nsubj
suggestion<-case det nmod
entertainment<-case nmod compound
abuse<-case compound amod
busy<-cop
bank<-case cc conj acl:relcl det
ask<-advcl dobj
advance<-dep det compound
loan<-parataxis det nmod ccomp
contest<-compound det amod
that<-acl:relcl nmod
music<-advmod det
black<-xcomp
endorse<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
sign<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
alliance<-case det nmod amod
expire<-advmod nmod:tmod nsubj
fate<-det amod
Mead<-case
stop<-advcl dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
communication<-case
run<-nmod dobj
residence<-case nmod:poss
go<-advmod nmod ccomp
flesh<-case
notebook<-appos det
escape<-cc dep conj advmod dobj
rebound<-case appos det compound
cause<-dep aux nmod
outfield<-case det
approach<-nmod:poss amod
affected<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod mark
institution<-acl:relcl det amod
reach<-nsubj ccomp nmod mark
race<-cop det nmod mark
round<-cop amod
nose<-nmod
defeat<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
blip<-cop nsubj cc det amod compound conj mark
exchange<-case compound amod
educational<-cc conj
reduce<-nsubj dep advmod nmod dobj aux
Braintree<-case
milk<-det nmod
post<-dep nummod compound
jitters<-amod
vengeance<-case det
fix<-cop det nmod amod
affect<-aux ccomp nsubj
turnover<-nmod
trouble<-compound nmod amod
drop<-nsubj nmod mark
pistol<-case cc appos conj compound
practice<-compound nmod nsubj
dawn<-case compound det nmod amod
respond<-nsubj cc neg nmod aux conj
tumble<-nsubj dobj nmod advmod mark
straitjacket<-case cop nsubj advmod det advcl aux
quickly<-cc conj
time<-cop nsubj dep nummod nmod mark
close<-mark
proposal<-nmod amod
spending<-case advmod nmod:poss
franchise<-case cop nsubj advmod det nmod ccomp
go<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
promotion<-case amod
recover<-cc conj advmod nmod nsubj
mean<-aux ccomp neg mark
stand<-advcl nmod mark
damage<-mark
cost<-det amod
ask<-ccomp nmod nsubj
enough<-xcomp cop nsubj cc neg advcl aux
ornament<-case compound amod
resistance<-case det compound
related<-advmod nmod nsubj
key<-dep cop det nmod
tanker<-case nmod:poss
spot<-dobj
truck<-nmod:poss
12<-dep compound
unlikely<-dep cop xcomp nsubj
railroad<-case
underwrite<-cc auxpass nsubjpass conj nmod
question<-cc ccomp
drug<-case nmod:poss compound
change<-cc nmod amod
engage<-nsubj cc advmod nmod mark conj
rally<-aux advcl nmod neg
offer<-parataxis nsubj advmod nmod:tmod nmod dobj
problem<-cop acl:relcl det
few<-case acl:relcl det amod
spreadsheet<-nmod:poss compound
warden<-acl:relcl compound
Xtra<-appos
war<-nmod
begin<-advmod dobj nmod mark
proceeding<-cop nsubj det nmod amod compound aux
fend<-dep ccomp nmod compound:prt
toothpaste<-case appos
best<-dep advmod det acl:relcl
presentation<-nmod:poss
potential<-case dep amod
correct<-dobj
loser<-nmod:poss
7:30<-case nmod
launch<-mark
condemn<-aux nsubj dobj advcl
implement<-mark
suit<-compound amod
lyricism<-amod
make<-nsubj dep advmod nmod dobj aux
companion<-acl:relcl det amod
research<-cc conj nmod:poss nmod compound
cost<-dep cc
merit<-neg
renew<-advcl dobj
trace<-nmod dobj
gentlelady<-dep det
line<-compound det nmod amod
investigator<-case cc conj nmod compound
bloodbath<-cop det nmod amod
bring<-aux nmod:tmod nmod advcl
escape<-det amod
doctor<-neg acl:relcl
flash<-nmod nsubj
bailout<-acl:relcl det
pot<-compound det acl:relcl amod
smaller<-dep amod
letter<-compound det amod
Committee<-case dep det nmod compound
profession<-cop nmod amod
network<-case nmod:poss
{<-case compound
swim<-nsubj
crush<-case det
hit<-nsubj dep neg dobj aux mark
seven<-dep acl
331/2<-dep compound
bed<-det
balance<-case dep nmod:poss nmod
operate<-advmod nmod mark
settle<-dobj
Freud<-case compound
act<-det amod
limit<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
beginning<-cc cop advmod det nsubj
patient<-case amod
64<-dep compound
schedule<-mark
generate<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
Creek<-case nmod compound
cheat<-advcl nsubj dobj mark
work<-cc conj dobj nsubj
Putnam<-appos compound
turn<-compound:prt
indexer<-acl:relcl
start<-nsubj cc advmod nmod compound:prt aux conj
make<-cc aux conj dobj
Ken<-dep
difference<-dep det
operate<-aux nmod neg nsubj
throw<-advcl advmod dobj
stump<-case det compound
those<-case acl
post<-amod
policy<-case compound amod
enough<-xcomp cop advmod nsubj
letter<-case
participant<-case
eager<-xcomp cop nsubj
sago<-nummod
head<-cop nsubj nmod advmod advcl
Texas<-case cop nsubj
continue<-nmod:tmod mark
add<-nmod ccomp
super-charger<-case det amod
cold<-compound det amod
Ties<-case nmod:poss compound
reduce<-cc dobj nmod nsubj
lack<-case nmod:poss nmod
computer<-dep nmod:poss
suit<-case nummod det
version<-cop det nmod ccomp
place<-aux amod det advcl mark
struggle<-acl nmod compound
prudent<-cop nsubj cc advmod advcl aux conj
action<-cc acl:relcl nmod:poss nmod
word-processing<-case cc conj
environmentalist<-dep det compound
help<-cc conj amod
dispute<-det
make<-advmod nmod nsubj
Dong-A<-compound
pull<-auxpass advcl nsubjpass mark
downturn<-dep nmod:poss nmod
people<-case det det:predet
process<-nmod dobj
assign<-xcomp nsubj cc neg mark aux conj
consume<-cc conj dobj nsubj
view<-cop acl det det:predet
reserve<-xcomp nsubj
lend<-advcl nsubj nmod advmod mark
blink<-advcl nsubj
misleading<-cop advmod
recover<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
explain<-nmod:tmod dobj
Massacre<-case cc conj compound
soundtrack<-case dep det
outweigh<-aux nsubj dobj mark
use<-case dep amod
store<-case nummod compound
one<-cop nsubj cc neg appos det amod
speed<-case cc det dep acl:relcl conj
industry<-case cc conj
ballot<-case
brewery<-nmod:poss amod
Keynes<-compound
suit<-case compound nmod amod
fundamental<-nmod
Brody<-compound
do<-cc advmod dobj advcl
pilot<-acl:relcl det
absence<-case nmod:poss
establish<-xcomp nmod
find<-xcomp advmod dobj nsubj
be<-dobj nsubj
user<-cop amod nmod nsubj
style<-nsubj
consideration<-case nmod:poss nmod
run<-dep det
hold<-ccomp nmod:tmod nsubj
collateral<-nmod:poss
allow<-xcomp aux nsubj dobj mark
angry<-nmod
catch<-dep advmod dobj
rain<-det nmod
focus<-dep nmod nsubj
goal<-case det amod
look<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
spread<-det nmod amod
ghost<-case appos compound
727/8<-dep compound
perk<-aux compound:prt dobj nsubj
launch<-advcl dobj nmod:tmod mark
travel<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
Savageau<-cc conj advmod appos compound
item<-acl:relcl
predict<-nsubj ccomp nmod mark
hear<-cc conj compound:prt dobj
year<-case cc nummod nmod dep conj
sweep<-case det amod
bill<-case appos det
ramp<-case det nmod amod
qualification<-dep advmod nsubj
Eastern<-case det
garden<-case det nmod amod
63<-case
Bradley<-case compound
nurse<-case
election<-det nmod
390,000<-dep nmod
get<-dep dobj cc advcl conj mark
attribute<-case acl:relcl det amod
read<-nsubj nmod compound:prt
Baker<-case cc conj dep compound
Krispies<-cc conj compound
exceed<-dobj
image<-case det compound
gain<-advmod nsubj
problem<-cop det amod
merchandise<-cc conj acl:relcl amod
Average<-advmod det compound
six<-case det
bring<-cc dep advmod dobj nsubj
jury<-case det compound
advance<-case nmod amod
sooner<-advmod advcl
change<-aux neg nsubj
advertising<-compound
day<-cop amod det nmod nsubj
disaster<-case
interview<-case advmod
struggle<-xcomp cop conj advmod cc
know<-dep nmod nsubj
strategy<-acl
board<-dep amod
form<-case amod
Wathen<-compound det amod
force<-cop aux nsubj advmod advcl
Reitman<-compound
fertilize<-nmod:poss nmod compound
sacrifice<-nmod:poss
decide<-dobj nmod mark
processor<-acl:relcl det amod
possible<-cc cop conj ccomp
encourage<-dobj nsubj
Hanover<-case nmod compound
one<-dep aux nsubj nmod mark
player<-aux nummod nmod cop
force<-cop advcl
identical<-cc cop conj advmod nmod
inappropriate<-xcomp aux cop nmod nsubj
point<-case amod
penny<-compound
that<-cop advmod nmod
sentence<-compound det amod
recall<-parataxis nsubj cc advmod dobj conj mark
jockeying<-case det
chinese<-cc conj
illustration<-det nmod
CBS<-aux nsubj cop
check<-dep det
raise<-cc conj dobj
ago.however<-case nummod det appos compound
uncomfortable<-aux cop nmod nsubj
tell<-nsubj dobj
code<-advcl dobj nmod mark
biker<-case det compound
rights<-amod compound
provide<-nsubj dobj mark
investing<-compound
buzz<-nsubj cc advmod nmod compound:prt advcl aux conj
clear<-cop neg nsubj
danger<-cop nsubj det nmod mark
Asians<-cc conj
PWA<-case
inaccurate<-cc conj advmod
insurance<-nmod compound
answer<-ccomp nsubj
release<-acl:relcl nmod:poss compound
hold<-cop nsubj nmod mark
complicated<-advmod
stop<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
kitchen<-case cc conj det
movement<-case amod
refer<-cop nmod
UAL<-case nmod
pay<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
Democrats<-acl:relcl amod
inherit<-nsubj dobj mark
officer<-det acl
battlegroup<-case cc conj compound
hearing<-compound
colony<-cop advmod det nmod nsubj
hurt<-dobj nsubj
effect<-dep compound det amod
deposit<-case cc conj nmod:poss
advance<-case det
thicket<-det nmod
biggest<-advmod det nmod
caution<-dep amod
biking<-dep compound
mainframe<-dep compound
spread<-nmod compound:prt
infect<-aux nsubj nmod mark
earnings<-appos compound
Hospital<-compound
undermine<-dep dobj mark
eagerness<-det nmod
Kushkin<-appos compound
render<-case nmod compound
rub<-iobj dobj
located<-nmod
symptom<-dep det
die<-dep nmod nsubj
exposure<-case nmod:poss nmod compound
take<-nsubj nmod mark
time<-dep nummod advmod
shell<-case det nmod amod
cost<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
517/8<-dep nmod compound
either<-dep cop conj cc
lawmaker<-nmod acl
cut<-cop cc advmod det amod conj
jump<-dobj nmod mark
decrease<-nsubj cc nmod advcl aux conj
sale<-cc nmod
Shell<-appos
account<-nmod:poss nmod compound
rock<-case aux det advcl
hint<-amod
Hampshire<-dep case
donate<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
Industrie<-case nmod compound
offer<-parataxis dobj nsubj
ceiling<-amod
raise<-cc cop conj
bulb.Teleflora<-nmod:poss compound
base<-case cop det nmod
(<-dep nsubj
important<-cop advcl
Oct.<-cc nummod conj
drop<-ccomp nsubj
kind<-cop nsubj cc det nmod acl:relcl conj
evade<-cc conj nsubj
remains<-dep xcomp nmod nsubj
resume<-aux advmod dobj nmod neg
party<-case nmod amod
know<-aux advmod ccomp neg
violation<-compound amod
joint<-case amod
Union<-case dep det compound
whites<-case cc nummod conj
concern<-det nmod compound
go<-xcomp nsubj neg advmod discourse aux
again<-cc
slash<-dobj nmod nsubj
say<-cc dep dobj
eight<-dep acl:relcl nmod
Lin<-acl:relcl compound
)<-auxpass ccomp
scuttle<-advcl nmod compound:prt
lower<-cop advmod
clothes<-case advmod det acl:relcl
include<-cc conj ccomp nsubj
software<-case compound amod
Model<-case nummod det compound
comfortable<-cop advmod ccomp neg nsubj
Time<-dep compound
license<-nmod:poss compound
investment<-case compound det nmod amod
defense<-case det amod
sincere<-cop nsubj mark
brick<-cc conj
State<-cc cop conj det compound
sign<-dobj nsubj
7.4<-case advmod
improve<-advmod dobj nsubj
determination<-xcomp nsubj
succeed<-cc advcl advmod nsubj
issue<-cc neg conj nmod amod
year<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
earliest<-case det
consider<-xcomp advmod nsubj
Marine<-nmod compound
increment<-case nmod amod
mark<-cc nummod det conj
necessary<-xcomp cop nmod nsubj
strange<-nmod:npmod
report<-cop nsubj cc advmod mark conj
achieve<-mark
he<-cc conj cc:preconj
material<-cop neg
Worcester<-dep
Warner<-case nmod
abolish<-ccomp
2.17<-dep
use<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
describe<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
do<-nsubj cc nmod compound:prt aux conj
initiative<-case amod
stack<-nsubj cc advmod nmod compound:prt aux conj
Managers<-case compound
start<-advcl nmod nsubj
appalling<-cop
Cohen<-dep nmod
accord<-dep advmod nmod
govern<-nmod dobj
ceiling<-det nmod amod
October.The<-case amod
rise<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
daring<-dep cc conj
task<-cop advmod det nmod nsubj
draw<-aux nmod
conduct<-compound:prt ccomp nsubj
jittery<-compound
tax<-case compound nmod:poss amod
Eisenberg<-dep compound
drive<-case amod
make<-xcomp aux neg
perk<-compound
homer<-xcomp mark
be<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
project<-aux advcl nsubj
footstep<-nmod
expense<-case det
Cathedral<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss nmod
expense<-case dep
image<-nmod:poss amod
file<-aux dobj
around<-xcomp aux nsubj
marketing<-xcomp mark
acquire<-dobj iobj mark
mire<-auxpass nmod
increase<-cc conj iobj dobj
shut<-auxpass compound:prt nsubjpass mark
yesterday<-case nmod:poss compound
elect<-advcl
share<-ccomp nmod nsubj
demand<-advmod nmod mark
tell<-aux dobj iobj nsubj
Sullivan<-appos compound
resemblance<-det amod
Oct.<-case dep nummod advmod nmod
peculiar<-nmod
flat<-advmod
executive<-case acl:relcl compound
bomber<-case nmod:poss amod
stock<-case cop nmod mark
soften<-aux nsubj nmod mark
hairdresser<-case nmod:poss
defendant<-case compound
protect<-aux dobj advmod nsubj
House<-case nummod det
champion<-case det
memory<-nmod
ready<-cc cop conj advmod nsubj
indication<-neg det ccomp
structure<-cc conj det
board<-det nmod compound
tale<-det nmod acl
comment<-nmod:poss acl
invest<-cc conj advmod nmod mark
case<-nmod:poss nmod
know<-dobj
language<-cop nsubj advmod det nmod amod mark
fraught<-aux cop nmod nsubj
reason<-advcl nsubj
woman<-case acl:relcl det amod
reason<-cop acl:relcl det amod
he<-dep cc
junk-holder<-case
yen<-nmod
Jones<-acl:relcl compound
principle<-det nmod
bullet<-nmod:poss amod
lie<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj
demand<-dep advmod nsubj
get<-advmod nmod dobj
police<-case cc conj
pause<-xcomp advmod nsubj
35670<-case advmod nmod
darling<-appos det nmod
bent<-cop nsubj advcl mark
quarter<-case dep
Mining<-compound
refresh<-xcomp cop
address<-parataxis advmod dobj nsubj
owner<-det amod
become<-xcomp aux advcl
sale<-dep advmod amod
face<-nsubj ccomp mark
client<-acl:relcl det
elect<-parataxis auxpass nsubjpass nmod dobj
company<-dep nummod det
12:01<-dep acl:relcl
say<-dep ccomp nmod nsubj
as<-nmod:npmod
crop<-amod
embroil<-dep cop nsubj nmod mark
nosedive<-case nmod:poss amod
pollution<-cc cop conj
holiday<-case cc conj
Chicago<-cc conj det
fill<-aux dobj
resume<-nsubj advmod mark
rise<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
substitute<-det
optimistic<-cop advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
687/8<-dep nmod compound
admit<-dobj mark
come<-cc aux dobj nsubj
Angell<-dep compound
succeed<-cc conj dobj nsubj
complain<-nsubj
decide<-nsubj cc neg ccomp aux conj mark
Cross<-compound
those<-acl:relcl nmod
route<-case dep det
Glory<-case
lawmaker<-dep compound
waste.later<-case amod
plea<-case det
turn<-advcl nmod nsubj
penny<-dep nummod
offer<-nmod mark
make<-case xcomp ccomp
hand<-advmod iobj dobj nsubj
thin<-aux advmod compound:prt nsubj
have<-ccomp nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
it<-cop
venture<-advmod mark
completely<-advmod
characterize<-dobj nmod nsubj
occur<-nsubj advmod mark
advise<-dobj nmod nsubj
earmark<-auxpass nmod
include<-xcomp dobj mark
order<-dobj nsubj
PipeLines<-cop compound mark
Midwest<-det
continue<-aux nsubj mark
Nick<-nmod compound
arbitrator<-advmod det
imperfection<-amod
ridiculous<-dep
resort<-amod
put<-dep nmod dobj auxpass nsubjpass mark
slide<-xcomp
occasion<-det
conscript<-case amod
float<-xcomp ccomp
mass<-cop advmod det nmod amod
hang<-nsubj advmod dobj mark
Mississippian<-det amod
return<-cc conj det nmod compound
place<-dobj ccomp mark
suggest<-cc aux ccomp neg nsubj
exceed<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
streamline<-dobj
appetite<-nmod:poss acl
deserve<-ccomp nsubj
rating<-det
decide<-dep aux nsubj neg mark
line<-compound nmod:poss nmod amod
case<-dep det compound
doctor<-nmod nsubj
rival<-nmod:poss
wait<-xcomp nsubj nmod advmod mark
fanatic<-advmod
trade<-det nmod amod
cast<-cc case det nmod
Metschan<-appos compound
wobbly<-case cc conj det compound
Mike<-dep cop compound nsubj mark
supportive<-aux cop nsubj
offer<-cop advmod det amod nsubj
transport<-dobj
define<-dep advcl dobj
wear<-aux dobj nsubj
ease<-nmod:npmod nmod
independence<-nmod
angry<-cop advmod
aureus<-case appos compound
bank<-cop advmod det amod nsubj
time<-case nummod det
consider<-aux dobj iobj neg nsubj
second<-det amod
engage<-case nmod
uncover<-cc nmod dobj auxpass nsubjpass conj mark
activity<-case det nmod
turn<-xcomp
stop<-xcomp advmod nsubj
book<-compound det amod
minor<-case det nmod:tmod
discussion<-cc conj
stamp<-cc conj amod compound
shake<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj aux conj mark
economics<-det nmod
matter<-parataxis nsubj neg nmod ccomp aux
area<-case cc conj det
deadline<-det det:predet
forget<-aux advmod ccomp neg nsubj
ring<-amod
ratio<-compound det amod
announcement<-nmod
urge<-dobj
cumbersome<-advmod
consumer<-case cop cc nmod ccomp conj
perspective<-case det
place<-acl:relcl
School<-nmod compound
lamp<-case det compound
mother<-case amod
call<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
(<-aux advmod dobj
get<-advmod nsubj dobj nmod mark
know<-aux advcl
estate<-case det amod
drop<-case acl:relcl amod
discipline<-dep det
number<-case nmod:poss
stress<-ccomp mark
part<-nsubj ccomp mark
Valery<-nmod compound
display<-nmod compound
19.7<-case
Roy<-dep compound
flock<-aux advcl nmod nsubj
copy<-case nmod
enforcement<-case cc conj compound
call<-xcomp advmod compound:prt
RJR<-dep amod
nasty<-advmod
revise<-aux nmod ccomp
risk<-xcomp nsubj mark
simple<-xcomp aux cop advcl nsubj
difficulty<-case compound
parallel<-amod
recall<-auxpass advmod nmod
do<-aux nmod:tmod
deal<-case cc conj amod
Herrera<-case appos compound
run<-aux dobj nsubj
section<-case nummod appos
minicrash<-case det amod
Minwax<-case compound
side<-dep det
commonwealth<-det nmod
premiere<-amod
responsible<-cc cop conj nmod
weigh<-nmod dobj
tarnish<-nmod nsubj
such<-case
dissolution<-det nmod amod
pass<-case compound det nmod amod
shift<-dobj nmod nsubj
seconds<-case
foot<-cop nummod nmod advcl
turn<-amod
toxic<-cop nsubj cc neg aux conj
own<-dobj iobj nsubj
computer<-case dep nmod:poss
expenditure<-compound amod
Salinger<-case
receiver<-det
suspend<-dep dobj
Republican<-det compound
meeting<-case advmod amod
walk<-nsubj cc nmod compound:prt advcl conj mark
do<-dep nsubj ccomp
seize<-mark
dividend<-case ccomp amod
pi<-case
disturb<-auxpass advmod nmod
Wyo.<-case compound
embody<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
tug-of-war<-det nmod
venture<-dep det compound
program<-case acl
bid<-case
share<-cc conj nmod nsubj
why<-advmod
Interstate<-case nummod
drive<-cc aux dobj compound:prt nsubj
serve<-cc conj nsubj
yuppie<-dep cc conj
reduction<-case cc det nmod amod conj
sell<-aux advcl dobj
bad<-dep cop ccomp neg
renew<-dobj mark
stand<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
publish<-aux dobj neg nsubj
story<-nmod
inflation<-case acl
fuel<-dobj mark
sort<-cop det nmod nsubj
budget<-case cop det amod
send<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
again<-advmod advcl
copper<-case det
advance<-nmod:tmod dobj
future<-dep nmod
work<-aux advmod nsubj neg mark
Warsaw<-case appos
negotiable<-cop nsubj mark
pakistani<-case dep conj cc compound
item<-nummod compound
launder<-ccomp
meat<-case
change<-case neg nmod amod
croon<-acl:relcl
Gardens<-case appos compound
fabric<-nmod
Jaguar<-acl:relcl
point<-case det det:predet
declare<-parataxis nsubj advcl
turbine<-cc conj nmod compound
delay<-compound:prt
higher<-dep cop parataxis nmod
flip<-advcl dobj nmod mark
warning<-det nmod
blunder<-cop advmod det nmod nsubj
decline<-dep compound nmod amod
Peterpaul<-appos compound
Quest<-nmod
sell<-dobj nmod compound:prt
hold<-compound:prt nmod mark
alternative<-nmod amod
pit<-dobj nmod nsubj
malfunction<-case det nmod
belong<-nsubj advmod nmod mark
chalk<-case nmod
plenty<-cc conj nmod
fight<-case det compound
identify<-aux nsubj neg dobj
compound<-aux advcl nmod nsubj
dismiss<-dobj nmod nsubj
counterbid<-det nmod
opium<-case
do<-dep aux dobj nsubj
mull<-cop ccomp mark
evidence<-dep
Commodore<-case
you<-dep acl:relcl acl
cancel<-advcl dobj
pass<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
momentum<-acl:relcl det compound
initiative<-cc conj det amod
decrease<-cc conj advmod nmod dobj
bite<-cc conj dobj nsubj
intend<-ccomp nsubj compound:prt mark
46,835<-dep nmod
unity<-dep aux cop nsubj
accusation<-det nmod
shop<-case det amod
measure<-aux nsubj dobj neg advcl
architecture<-case compound
Report<-case appos nmod:poss compound
gymnastics<-case nmod:poss amod
resignation<-cc nsubj ccomp mark
cite<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
generate<-nmod
say<-dep aux dobj nsubj
insist<-aux ccomp nsubj compound:prt mark
41/4<-advmod
balloting<-case det
credibility<-nmod nsubj
nation<-case dep det
increase<-xcomp advmod nsubj
necessity<-case
cause<-ccomp nsubj
integrate<-aux nsubj nmod neg mark
pend<-dobj iobj nsubj
constituency<-appos amod
machine.meanwhile<-det compound
coincidence<-cop ccomp neg
conjure<-cc conj compound:prt dobj nsubj
exit<-det amod
find<-nsubj dep advmod ccomp cc aux conj
source<-dep
escrow<-case
default<-nmod:poss compound
reason<-dep cop acl:relcl det
director<-case nummod nmod:poss nmod
Rally<-case acl
Puccini<-appos compound
none<-acl:relcl
scream<-dobj nsubj
register<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
lucky<-dep nmod
aim<-det amod
have<-cc neg conj ccomp nsubj
skip<-ccomp nsubj
expect<-xcomp nmod:tmod nsubj
want<-nsubj cc advmod dobj dep conj
zone<-compound
season<-dep det ccomp
audience<-acl:relcl det amod
family<-cc dep xcomp
reflect<-nmod:tmod nmod
get<-advmod compound:prt nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
business<-case acl:relcl det amod
audience<-dep
11,795<-case cc conj
12<-cc conj advmod
yuk<-advmod det acl:relcl amod
speak<-aux nsubj mark
Keenan<-acl nmod compound
insistence<-dobj nmod nsubj
widen<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
create<-dep nmod
liquidity<-nmod compound
be<-expl xcomp advmod mark
trip<-cop nsubj advmod det amod acl:relcl
expect<-nsubj dobj
interpretation<-acl:relcl nmod amod
speculate<-compound:prt ccomp mark
Gulch<-dep compound
point<-nmod
portrait<-nmod amod
manager<-dep amod
clean<-cop advcl mark
3/8<-advmod
estate<-case compound
Columbia<-case amod compound
401/4<-dep compound
sale<-case cc conj nmod compound
holding<-det nmod amod
high<-dep cop advmod nmod
convict<-cc cop conj dep nsubj
Steelworkers<-case det nmod compound
fund<-case nmod:poss amod
involve<-dep aux nmod dobj
enact<-advmod nmod nsubj
convertible<-aux cop nmod nsubj
tie<-nmod:poss amod
unfortunately<-dep
codify<-ccomp
hit<-nummod amod
Suez<-dep nsubj
rally<-dobj mark
doctor<-dobj nmod mark
diversify<-nmod mark
negotiation<-auxpass advmod ccomp
rejection<-det amod
Jaguar<-case acl:relcl
they<-cop nmod nsubj
electronically<-case
back<-compound:prt advmod mark
congress<-det amod
commission<-case cc conj det
regulator<-case det nmod amod
fund<-nsubj ccomp advcl
tape<-acl:relcl det amod
choice<-neg nmod
end<-nsubj advmod nmod compound:prt aux dobj
EGA<-acl:relcl
highest<-cop appos det nmod
budget<-acl:relcl det
goal<-case nmod:poss amod
discounted<-advmod
count<-xcomp aux compound:prt
day<-nmod
record<-cop nmod mark
magazine<-dep appos det amod
brand<-dep cop xcomp case nsubj
stake<-case cop nsubj cc advmod conj
daughter<-case det amod
model<-case nmod:poss compound
farmer<-det amod
railroad<-det
Oakes<-cc conj compound
common<-nmod
everyone<-cc cop conj nmod compound
issue<-nummod compound appos amod
supplement<-xcomp mark
need<-xcomp nsubj advmod advcl
trend<-case nmod amod
watcher<-case compound
chord<-compound
boom<-case acl:relcl det
aftershock<-nummod appos amod
accident<-cop ccomp neg
invest<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
limit.then<-ccomp nsubj
redevelopment<-compound
trading<-case nummod
try<-xcomp aux nsubj dobj
slope<-advmod nmod nsubj
track<-dep nsubj dobj mark
unchanged<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
brick<-case nmod
get<-nsubj neg advmod nmod dobj aux
cite<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
volume<-nmod:poss nmod compound
horizon<-case amod
bond<-dep det compound
lease<-det nmod amod
import<-case det compound
high<-advcl
diversification<-case amod
chest<-det compound
win<-nsubj advmod mark
absorb<-nsubj nmod ccomp mark aux dobj
promise<-xcomp ccomp mark
loan<-case cc conj compound
withdrawal<-case det nmod compound
16-year-old<-case advmod nmod
together<-nsubj
price<-case dep det amod
report<-nsubj dobj nmod:tmod nmod ccomp
meet<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
producer<-dep det nmod amod
buffer<-advcl dobj
complain<-nsubj ccomp
event<-cc conj det
wheel<-dep auxpass nmod compound:prt
Utah<-cc conj
regime<-dep det amod cc compound conj
Wash.<-case compound
offering<-cc conj amod
plant<-cc conj dobj mark
rely<-advmod advcl
package<-case cop advmod det xcomp compound
restore<-aux dobj nsubj
vote<-cc conj dobj nsubj
reproduction<-det nmod amod
pool<-case nmod:poss
ground<-amod
accord<-case acl:relcl det
1.50<-case dep det nmod acl
average<-case nummod
make<-dobj compound:prt
own<-nsubj mark
inflation<-case cc conj nmod
rise<-cop nmod nsubj
smaller<-aux cop nsubj
get<-dep dobj nsubj
Scott<-case
stock<-case dep det
effort<-advmod det amod
script<-case nmod:poss
steal<-xcomp mark
safety<-nmod:poss
Club<-case cc appos det nmod compound conj
exhibition<-case det compound
build<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
Hotel<-case cc det amod compound conj
reunion<-case det nmod amod
account<-case nummod compound
worst<-cop det
conference<-case det nmod
layer<-nmod
movie<-cc conj amod
}<-nummod det nmod compound
legislature<-cc conj
Air<-det compound
Jibril<-nmod compound
adequate<-cc cop conj nsubj
avoid<-case
district<-acl:relcl amod
awareness<-det
what<-cc acl:relcl
ask<-xcomp dobj nmod nsubj
larger<-nmod
lesbian<-case compound
report<-iobj advmod compound:prt dobj nsubj
concert<-case
Barney<-compound
mix<-case cc det nmod amod conj
make<-parataxis dobj nmod nsubj
cooperate<-auxpass advmod nmod advcl
mention<-case dobj
Digital<-det
brother<-appos acl:relcl dobj nsubj
approve<-nsubj cc nmod:tmod nmod dobj conj
Cardenas<-compound amod
Survey<-det compound
chance<-case det
independent<-cop nsubj dep advmod mark cc conj
strategy<-case det
have<-advcl ccomp nmod expl
hold<-cc conj nmod dobj
upset<-cop advmod ccomp
hold<-dep advmod dobj
one-half<-case dep nmod
exhaust<-aux ccomp
expect<-dep aux nsubj advcl
Gruberova<-dep compound
unlikely<-cop ccomp
favor<-ccomp nmod nsubj
decline<-aux nmod nsubj
heated<-cop advmod nmod advcl
control<-dep aux dobj neg nsubj
passenger<-acl:relcl det
restore<-dobj nsubj
mark<-case acl:relcl det
halt<-det compound
precede<-auxpass nmod
$<-nmod:npmod nummod nmod
NBC<-case dep appos compound
Walmart<-case
way<-cop acl det nmod amod
heart<-case cc conj nmod:poss
impose<-dobj nmod mark
steer<-dobj
pay<-dep aux nsubj dobj mark
file<-compound det amod
loss<-dep det nmod amod
improvement<-case compound
stand<-case det det:predet
month<-case dep nummod
point<-case nummod compound
adjust<-dobj nmod nsubj
gloss<-compound:prt ccomp mark
take<-aux ccomp neg nsubj
killing<-case nummod det nmod compound
worst<-cop det nmod mark
bargain<-case compound
sell<-advmod iobj dobj nsubj
arise<-nsubj advmod mark
dispute<-cc conj
way<-case nummod
Saatchi<-nmod
Herrera<-case compound
spark<-dep dobj mark
place<-cop acl det nmod amod
maintain<-dobj advmod mark
gangster<-case
political<-dep ccomp
work<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
report<-dep det acl
maintenance<-nmod
japanese<-dep advmod dobj
cause<-nmod nsubj
network<-cc conj det nmod amod
stratified<-advmod
critic<-det compound
point<-aux cop nsubj det advcl
susceptible<-advmod
guarantee<-dobj
use<-xcomp aux nsubj dobj mark
conference<-case nmod:poss nmod compound
geography<-case
take<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
confrontation<-cc conj det nmod
piece<-compound det nmod amod
firm<-cop amod det acl nsubj
represent<-dep nsubj dobj mark
drop<-case dep det amod
teacher<-nummod nmod amod
thwart<-nsubj advmod nmod ccomp aux mark
lose<-aux nsubj nmod mark
crisis<-case appos det compound
junk-bond<-case nmod:poss acl
close<-xcomp cc conj nmod:tmod nmod
agent<-case compound det nmod amod
automate<-ccomp
relationship<-compound det amod
year<-cop nsubj cc det compound conj
heavy<-cop amod det nsubj
Midler<-nmod compound
possibly<-advmod
relationship<-det nmod
contribute<-advmod dobj nsubj
lawmaker<-amod
Gate<-dep det compound
bring<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
intervene<-ccomp nmod mark
spate<-case det nmod amod
manipulation<-case nmod amod
assert<-dobj
tout<-nmod dobj
echo<-dobj nsubj
Valley<-case det nmod compound
circumstance<-case acl:relcl nmod amod
cross<-nmod nsubj
computer<-dep advmod
issue<-case cop nsubj mark
follow<-nsubj neg advmod nmod compound:prt aux
sign<-acl compound
R.<-dep appos compound
withdraw<-cc conj advmod nmod
utterance<-xcomp nsubj dobj
Asmara<-case
pork-barreling<-case dep amod
Heiwa<-dep nsubj
outflow<-case amod
restructuring<-dep det
exercise<-xcomp aux nsubj
law<-case det nmod amod
result<-aux nsubj nmod neg mark
three<-acl:relcl nmod
price<-case appos det nmod amod
continuous<-cc conj
guideline<-nmod amod
cult<-det nmod
ratify<-dobj nmod nsubj
art<-cop det nmod
agree<-xcomp nsubj nmod mark
come<-dobj compound:prt
audience<-nmod compound
respect<-xcomp nsubj
information<-acl
witness<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
preoccupation<-amod
%<-dep cc nummod conj
base<-cc conj nmod
dealership<-case det nmod amod
3.90<-dep
harsh<-cop advmod nmod
prolong<-advcl aux dobj nmod nsubj
way<-case cc conj compound
promotion<-dep det
China<-case cc conj
(<-case cc conj det compound
exist<-nsubj ccomp advmod advcl
own<-dep nmod
provide<-neg dobj mark
continue<-ccomp mark
need<-parataxis dobj nsubj
struggle<-cop nsubj
opportunity<-cop compound advcl det amod acl:relcl expl aux
say<-nsubj ccomp advmod dobj
proclaim<-case xcomp mark
dynamics<-det nmod
purchase<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
believe<-ccomp nmod nsubj
Little<-compound
sell<-iobj nmod dobj
dial<-auxpass dobj
grandchild<-cc advmod mark auxpass nsubjpass conj
corporation<-case nmod:poss amod
Rogin<-appos compound
article<-det nmod
hurdle<-compound
conclude<-dobj mark
reflect<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
Trade<-case nmod compound
come<-case advcl dobj
arrive<-parataxis nsubj dep nmod:tmod nmod ccomp
linage<-case nmod compound
uptight<-cop nsubj cc advmod ccomp conj
provider<-det nmod
Authority<-case det compound
priority<-acl:relcl
view<-case det
mark<-case cc nummod nmod:poss conj
victim<-cop nsubj det nmod amod mark
pulp<-case cc conj amod
complain<-ccomp nmod:tmod nsubj
{<-cc acl:relcl
avoid<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
jolt<-case nmod:poss nmod
estimate<-dep compound
Lebanon<-case cc conj nmod
Democrats<-case acl:relcl det
Shattuck<-appos compound
know<-cc conj nsubj ccomp mark
spread<-amod
two<-dep det amod
Uruguay<-case
computer<-case cop nsubj advmod det nmod amod acl:relcl advcl
constraint<-det
activity<-cop advcl det nmod:tmod nmod expl aux
get<-advcl
refrain<-mark
piece<-det nmod amod
generate<-ccomp dobj
initiative<-compound det acl:relcl amod
lead<-ccomp nmod nsubj
continue<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
Teller<-appos compound
black<-cc advmod advcl
push<-dobj compound:prt nmod mark
seed<-case det
purchase<-nsubj cc neg nmod dobj aux conj
2.79<-dep
Fatah<-case
go<-xcomp compound:prt
important<-nmod nsubj
work<-aux ccomp nmod nsubj
profitable<-cop nsubj cc neg advmod nmod mark aux
m-whatever<-case
school<-acl amod
capital<-cc conj amod
ship<-aux advmod ccomp nsubj
publishing<-cc conj
day<-appos det
applaud<-dobj
confirmation<-case dep nmod
Britain<-case advmod
ladder<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
Johnson<-cc conj compound
Corr<-compound
Banks<-case det compound
Mengistu<-dep compound
recant<-xcomp nsubj
Penney<-case cc conj compound
go<-advcl mark
approve<-nmod nsubj
Delta<-case
cornfield<-det
stop<-advcl aux cop neg nsubj
take<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
revise<-cc conj mark dobj nsubj
file<-dep nsubj mark
tell<-dobj iobj mark
sort<-case acl:relcl det nmod amod
report<-aux dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
consumption<-case compound amod
time<-det ccomp
misconduct<-case amod
avert<-dobj mark
sorry<-xcomp cop
Smith<-case cc appos cc:preconj compound conj
statement<-dep det amod
effective<-cc conj advmod nsubj
weakness<-amod
Ortiz<-dep compound
taste<-acl:relcl det amod
ZBB<-case
oh<-nsubj ccomp
maker<-acl:relcl det nmod
cause<-dep nmod amod
please<-cop nmod neg
recapture<-advcl dobj mark
see<-advmod nsubj
better<-cc cop conj cc:preconj nmod
Satellite<-compound
Americans<-case det nmod
1.78<-dep
rake<-det compound
son<-case nmod:poss
just<-dep neg conj cc
Arney<-nmod compound
facade<-case cc conj nmod:poss amod
sell<-compound:prt nmod:tmod nsubj
deficit<-dep nmod amod
noise<-compound
lender<-det acl
Democrats<-neg advmod nmod
misconduct.Nowhere<-case nmod amod
overlook<-dobj ccomp nsubj
store<-case compound nmod amod
monitor<-dobj nsubj
future<-det nmod amod
calculate<-dobj nsubj
Bullock<-appos compound
tie<-compound amod
six<-case advmod nmod:tmod compound
bondholder<-xcomp
hit<-case det amod
page<-nummod det amod
mandate<-dobj nmod nsubj
circuit<-dep dobj
dominate<-nsubj nmod ccomp
professor<-det nmod
president<-cop cc appos nmod compound conj
effectiveness<-case det nmod
branch<-case nummod det
FHA<-case acl:relcl det
TW<-case
post<-cc conj det
prosecutor<-case nummod
lure<-dobj nmod nsubj
want<-cc xcomp nsubj
frame<-case nmod:poss
future<-case cc conj det
mobilize<-nsubj dep advmod dobj iobj aux
afford<-dobj nsubj
area<-case acl:relcl
end<-case nummod det
hypoglycemia<-case
flight<-appos nmod:poss compound
widespread<-aux cop nsubj nmod mark
crucible<-case det nmod
predict<-dobj mark
redesign<-nsubj dep advmod nmod dobj mark
someone<-cop advmod nmod
gorilla<-case det
task<-det acl
interpret<-aux nsubj advmod dobj
prefer<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
team<-dep nummod nmod
send<-cc conj advmod nmod nsubj
Juan<-appos compound
be<-cc xcomp advmod
box<-compound
show<-nsubj cc advmod dobj advcl aux
outcry<-case det amod
sacking<-nmod mark
Fedders<-dep compound
York<-case cc conj det compound
faculty<-cc conj det
satire<-case advmod det
report<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
summary<-amod nmod:poss compound
link<-dep det amod
enjoy<-xcomp nmod nsubj
business<-case cc conj nmod amod
come<-dobj nmod mark
delay<-cc aux conj nsubj mark
combination<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss nmod
impeach<-cop nsubj advcl mark
suit<-cc conj nmod amod
campaign<-case nummod nmod:poss compound
organism<-amod
clan<-amod compound
area<-cc conj acl:relcl det
guess<-nsubj
love<-dobj csubj mark
treasury<-acl:relcl det amod
Noriega<-case cc conj compound
check<-xcomp aux advmod nmod nsubj
they<-dep cop acl
clause<-case cop nsubj det nmod compound
offer<-case nmod compound
gasoline<-case amod
big<-dep advmod
audience<-compound det amod
City<-appos compound
serve<-xcomp advmod nsubj
dealership<-case compound det nmod amod
direction<-case amod
Gelbart<-case compound
morning<-ccomp nsubj
price<-aux cop acl:relcl nsubj
sit<-nsubj nmod advmod dobj
version<-amod nmod compound
pursuant<-nmod:npmod nmod
carrier<-acl:relcl det
unclear<-cop advmod advcl ccomp
inject<-dobj nmod mark
close<-xcomp nsubj mark
contract<-xcomp nsubj
deficit.by<-compound advmod nmod:poss acl:relcl amod
Wolf<-acl compound
accelerator<-det nmod
go<-neg nmod mark
clear<-ccomp
family<-case cc conj nmod:poss dep
deprive<-dep dobj
Airways<-case cc conj nmod:poss compound
buy<-nsubj nmod:tmod dobj
3.90<-case dep conj cc
step<-iobj advmod compound:prt dobj nsubj
convey<-dobj nmod mark
vote<-nummod det
bruise<-cop nsubj advmod ccomp aux mark
Rio<-appos det
split<-acl:relcl det compound
1965<-case cc conj
adjust<-xcomp
Byrne<-nmod compound
decline<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
promote<-dep advcl
FEMA<-nsubj dobj mark
fund<-dep cop nsubj amod mark
Mac<-nmod compound
equivalent<-cop nsubj nmod mark
flow<-xcomp nsubj
Republicans<-case compound
corporation<-advmod amod
rating<-advmod nmod:poss nmod amod
Navy<-cc conj
slow<-nsubj mark
thrill<-dobj nsubj
fore<-case det nmod
merchandise<-case nmod:poss det:predet
true<-advmod nmod
passenger<-det compound
population<-case det
director<-acl:relcl det
consortium<-dep det amod
sixty<-dep nmod dobj
William<-cc conj
English<-case cc conj
location<-compound
suit<-dobj mark
designer<-cc conj nmod
paperboard<-amod
drug<-case det amod
Tomlin<-compound
group<-case acl det compound
spending<-case det amod
search<-case dep nmod
replenish<-advmod
job<-dep cop nmod:poss parataxis
portray<-auxpass advcl nsubjpass mark
Chancellor<-case det
Exchange<-case acl:relcl det compound
Ark.<-case cc conj appos compound
v.U.S.<-case compound
intensify<-aux advcl nsubj
subject<-det
inventory<-dep case nmod compound
Homes<-compound
weekend<-cop nsubj cc det amod conj
regard<-case acl det compound
end<-advcl nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
Bernstein<-case compound
opinion<-cop appos det nmod
give<-nsubj iobj dobj advmod mark
accept<-aux nsubj nmod neg mark
condemn<-advmod
face<-advcl dobj nsubj
eye<-cop det amod
McCaw<-case nmod
Shardlow<-compound
wife<-appos nmod:poss
sit<-compound:prt nsubj
S&P<-case cc nummod det conj
Ozarks<-case nmod:poss
Ridge<-case appos compound
exorcise<-dobj mark
invite<-cc conj advmod dobj
present<-aux nsubj advcl dobj mark
strike<-case nummod amod
Rothschild<-nmod compound
much<-cc conj
population<-case cc conj det
follow<-dep advmod nmod
cease<-xcomp neg dep ccomp nsubj
252.5<-case
War<-case cc det nmod compound conj
adjusting<-case
come<-ccomp advmod compound:prt nsubj
one<-cop nsubj det amod aux mark
line<-case dep det nmod compound
leave<-nsubj ccomp nmod mark
fight<-compound nmod amod
issue<-appos
1.12<-case dep
thousand<-case cc conj det nmod
ownership<-case acl compound
creativity<-case nmod
luminary<-amod
uncover<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
parliament<-dep nmod:poss
replicate<-dobj iobj mark
Darman<-case cc conj appos compound
mail-order<-cc conj
make<-ccomp nsubj dobj nmod mark
flip-flop<-case
measure<-cc dep det
pack<-case det
array<-case det nmod
year<-nummod nmod:poss compound
product<-neg det nmod
clear<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
err<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
feel<-nsubj cc neg advmod dobj advcl aux
rise<-cc aux advmod neg nsubj
get<-cc conj advmod
advance<-nsubj nmod mark
month<-case cop nsubj cc advmod nmod ccomp conj amod nmod:poss
30<-case advmod nmod:tmod
Inspectorate-Adia<-case
pledge<-nsubj cc advmod dobj aux conj
squeeze<-acl:relcl det compound
service<-cc nmod
Society<-case nmod compound
touch<-case compound
get<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
sigh<-det nmod amod
receive<-nsubj
tool<-case cc nmod amod compound conj
quote<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
trial<-nummod compound det acl:relcl amod
oil<-case dep amod
Europeans<-cc conj det
plunge<-advmod nmod:tmod nsubj
capital<-nmod
creature<-case det amod
play<-advcl advmod mark
transfer<-dobj nsubj
lead<-dobj nmod mark
install<-auxpass nmod
follow<-aux dobj nsubj
presentation<-case
cause<-advcl nsubj dobj mark
continue<-aux nsubj nmod mark
sensation<-cop nsubj dep det nmod compound
camera<-dep cc conj det amod
Madison<-case
deadline<-case nummod acl det compound
pain<-cop cc advmod det acl:relcl conj
portfolio<-nmod:poss amod
know<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
back<-aux nsubj compound:prt nmod mark
property<-nmod:poss nmod
begin<-ccomp nmod nsubj
bargain<-nmod
vary<-nmod nsubj
attention<-det amod
Valentine<-acl:relcl compound
flee<-nsubj nmod mark
photo<-nummod
hold<-nmod:tmod nsubj
city<-case nummod nmod
explain<-aux nsubj mark
point<-case compound det amod
project<-case compound det nmod amod
handshake<-case det
have<-parataxis nsubj dobj mark
prominent<-advmod
pickup<-case det compound
understatement<-det nmod amod
adjacent<-nmod nsubj
expense<-nmod compound
tragedy<-case
scream<-ccomp nsubj
fastball<-dep nmod:poss
impose<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
win<-dep aux mark nsubj
emperor<-cc cop conj det nmod
sound<-xcomp dep mark
face<-nsubj cc advmod dobj dep conj
propose<-aux dobj nsubj
sell<-xcomp advmod mark
contiguous<-cc cop conj nsubj
convey<-xcomp mark
317/8<-dep compound
account<-det nmod compound
have<-ccomp nmod advcl
lose<-advmod dobj
rain<-case appos acl:relcl amod
production<-case nmod compound
Union<-appos det compound
Russo<-case dep acl:relcl det amod
capitalism<-cc conj
response<-case appos
not<-xcomp aux
american<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
HBO<-case amod
contest<-acl det compound
supplies<-nmod
level<-case nmod:poss nmod
approve<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
expire<-nmod:tmod nmod mark
timetable<-cc conj acl det amod
exchange<-det det:predet
margin<-nummod amod det compound
peacemaker<-case det nmod
form<-cop compound advmod nmod nsubj
owner<-acl:relcl nmod
history<-appos
instrument<-det amod
club<-case det nmod amod
figure<-dep aux conj cc advcl
lift<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
458.32<-case
understand<-aux advmod ccomp neg nsubj
major<-case det nmod
look<-det compound
Senate<-cc conj det nmod
fraud<-case nmod
finding<-dep det
product<-acl det amod
allow<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
Poland<-cop amod
datum<-case cc nmod amod compound conj
program<-dep advmod det amod
doubt<-acl:relcl amod
drop<-advmod compound:prt nmod nsubj
purpose<-cc cop conj det nmod
politics<-cc conj
Jupiter<-case
initiative<-amod
company<-case cc conj det compound
beeswax<-nmod compound
controversy<-cc conj amod
unlikely<-ccomp nsubj
enough<-cop advmod nsubj neg mark
flight<-det nmod amod
room<-dobj
jeopardize<-xcomp aux nsubj
preparedness<-case
(<-amod det compound
front<-case amod
tradition<-case cc conj
issue<-dobj nsubj
coast<-case acl:relcl det
high<-xcomp advmod
textile<-cc conj
heyday<-cop det nmod
react<-cc advmod nsubj
1984<-case cc conj advmod
closing<-case compound
move<-case det nmod
many<-case nmod:npmod
constitute<-nsubj dobj mark
matter<-advmod nsubj
say<-xcomp advmod nmod nsubj
Eye<-compound det amod
act<-amod
Recovery<-case cc det nmod compound conj
goal<-case nmod:poss nmod compound
could<-cc neg advcl nsubj
break<-cop nsubj mark
year<-case dep nummod det amod
stretch<-case acl:relcl amod
promise<-dobj ccomp nmod nsubj
index<-compound amod
weaken<-dobj mark
group<-cc conj det nmod amod
sensuality<-case nmod:poss
youth<-case nmod:poss
worry<-aux neg
Autry<-case det compound
lavish<-dep cop nmod
cable<-case nmod
brush<-case dep advmod nmod amod nmod:poss
have<-advmod ccomp nmod expl
reclaim<-ccomp
turbulence<-case nmod
freedom<-det nmod
feed<-nsubj dobj mark
award<-advmod iobj dobj nsubj
trophy<-det amod
open<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
freight<-case
leadership<-case acl:relcl compound
install<-cc conj ccomp nsubj
build<-aux nsubj compound:prt dobj mark
loss<-nmod:poss nmod
Braniff<-case
floor<-nmod:poss nmod compound
Federal<-cc conj
calm<-cc conj
tumble<-parataxis nsubj advcl
window<-case nmod:poss
wind<-cc conj compound:prt nsubj
dancer<-case compound
refinery<-det compound
post<-case det nmod
unsettle<-det compound
expand<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
Council<-det nmod compound
plan<-xcomp aux neg nmod nsubj
McNamee<-nmod compound
insert<-xcomp aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod
attendant<-compound
amass<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
universe<-dep det
restaurant<-cop advmod
agree<-xcomp cc conj ccomp nsubj
supply-side<-advmod det compound
surrender<-case
rocker<-compound
Perlman<-compound
explain<-aux nmod mark
become<-xcomp nsubj advmod nmod mark aux
touch<-advcl auxpass advmod nmod compound:prt
reply<-parataxis cop amod nsubj
Co.<-case cc conj nmod compound
contribute<-aux nsubj nmod mark
lay<-aux compound:prt dobj nsubj
try<-xcomp aux advmod mark
defender<-nsubj advmod mark
fat<-cop advmod neg nsubj
underwriting<-det
nice<-cc cop conj advmod parataxis
Beach<-case advmod compound
advance<-xcomp advmod mark
inform<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass ccomp mark
lawsuit<-case nmod compound
projection<-case acl:relcl
Stravinsky<-case amod
woman<-cop acl:relcl det amod
earnings<-case det compound
grant<-det amod
radio<-case cc conj compound amod
site<-case nummod compound
post<-nsubj dobj mark
copper.at<-case det
sweet<-advmod
gain<-ccomp mark
Windsor<-nmod compound
strength<-case dep det nmod amod cc conj
bloody<-advmod
GM<-advmod
amount<-case acl:relcl
represent<-advcl dobj nsubj
cradle<-case dep det nmod
543.5<-case
end<-nsubj advmod nmod:tmod nmod advcl
pollution<-case compound
Deng<-cc conj compound
1772.6<-case
carry<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
observe<-auxpass advmod ccomp
sympathizer<-amod
Goriot<-case nmod:poss compound
experience<-cop acl:relcl det
mobilize<-aux nsubj ccomp mark
Tse-tung<-case compound
yesterday<-advmod amod
advise<-dep nmod dobj cc conj mark
management<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss
thin<-advmod
player<-nmod compound
defect<-nmod
honest<-cop nsubj mark
wait<-xcomp aux nsubj
repression<-cc conj det nmod
argue<-cc conj ccomp mark
identifiable<-advmod
duplicate<-neg nmod mark auxpass nsubjpass aux
web<-nmod
construe<-advmod
Financial<-case compound
system<-acl:relcl
copyright<-case
put<-acl:relcl det amod
schizophrenia<-case
cheap<-case det nmod
want<-nsubj ccomp advmod mark
scenario<-case cc nummod conj
credit<-case cc conj compound
Grobstein<-amod compound
Court<-cop compound acl nsubj
session<-compound det nmod amod
play<-advmod dobj
poll<-case nmod compound
joke<-case det
France<-case det compound
seek<-aux advmod ccomp nsubj
silence<-dep cop advmod
1990-2004<-cc nummod conj
bury<-dobj mark
see<-aux ccomp advcl nsubj
problem<-neg nmod compound
computerize<-dobj mark
most<-case advmod det amod
kind<-dep det nmod
naked<-nmod
settle<-xcomp mark
react<-cc auxpass conj nmod
loss<-case nmod compound
mideast<-case det nmod
higher<-cop nsubj nmod:tmod advmod mark
have<-dobj ccomp nmod nsubj
sandwich<-compound det amod
discuss<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
dilution<-det nmod
concentration<-nmod
mud<-cc conj
enthusiasm<-case det nmod amod
designer<-compound
statute<-nmod:poss amod
flight<-cop nsubj det nmod amod compound acl
station<-dep det
worth<-det nmod amod
restriction<-case
erode<-aux nmod nsubj
request<-det amod
school<-case cop acl:relcl det amod
sign<-advmod compound:prt nsubj
think<-dep ccomp nsubj
summer<-cop advmod det nmod
start<-xcomp aux nsubj advcl
pay<-det nmod compound
participate<-advmod nmod
certificate<-compound nmod nsubj
go<-aux compound:prt nsubj
section<-case nummod acl:relcl
fall<-cc conj nmod nsubj
crackdown<-nmod:poss nmod
Bulgaria<-case
insist<-dep aux ccomp nmod nsubj
price<-amod nmod compound
say<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
gear<-cop advmod nmod
shoot<-dobj ccomp nmod nsubj
money<-case acl:relcl det
shortage<-acl:relcl
work<-advmod nmod
2,700<-case dep
workplace<-case det
before<-cc conj
crop<-case nmod
thing<-cop det nmod amod acl:relcl expl aux
use<-advcl
failure<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
Corp<-nmod:poss compound
architect<-case cc conj
end<-advmod nmod
pursue<-mark
heat<-case neg conj cc
dollar<-case nmod amod
leader<-appos compound det amod
president<-cop cc nmod amod compound conj
fill<-cc conj dobj mark
link<-aux cop acl:relcl nmod nsubj
difficulty<-neg nmod
responsible<-cop advmod nmod
Lawson<-dep compound
halt<-dobj nmod mark
shut<-nsubj nmod dobj advcl aux mark
reveal<-nmod dobj
consumption<-dep compound
cause<-xcomp advmod dobj nsubj
University<-case advmod det nmod
groan<-dep advmod nmod
asset<-cop cc nmod amod compound conj
one<-dep det amod
conference<-dep compound det acl:relcl amod
experience<-dep aux advmod nsubj
crunch<-case det compound
increase<-cc aux advmod neg nsubj
average<-acl:relcl det nmod
lower<-nsubj dep advmod dobj cc conj
general<-acl det compound
caller<-case acl:relcl det
hearing<-case dep det
high<-case
process<-case nmod amod
move<-advcl mark advmod dobj
102.625<-case dep
couple<-cop det nmod
priority<-case nmod:poss amod
relations.it<-amod
wife<-nsubj
offer<-cop nsubj advmod det amod mark
make<-dep compound:prt dobj nsubj
price<-case cc conj nmod
wrong<-nmod:npmod cop ccomp
movie<-case compound
response<-appos det amod
Blandon<-compound
Broadcasters<-case nmod
want<-advmod ccomp nsubj
year<-cc conj advmod det
those<-amod
acceleration<-case amod
act<-advcl aux nsubj advmod mark
include<-nsubj ccomp mark
call<-compound nsubj
monitoring<-case det compound
program<-cc conj compound det amod
Roberts<-acl:relcl acl compound
student<-case advmod det
scan<-dobj mark
plan<-nsubj dobj mark
consider<-aux nmod nsubj
gene<-case compound det amod
continue<-nsubj ccomp mark
year<-aux cop nmod advmod nsubj
fact<-cc cop conj det
prediction<-dep
shake<-dobj
cut<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
protest<-xcomp ccomp nmod nsubj
know<-advmod nmod
chalk<-dobj compound:prt
sassy<-advmod
shift<-dep det nmod
deal<-aux cop amod expl
restoration<-det nmod
afternoon<-amod
be<-aux advmod ccomp
pounce<-nmod mark
influence<-nmod:poss amod
clear<-cc conj nmod:tmod nmod dobj
sucker<-det
associate<-case dep det nmod compound
about-face<-cop amod det nmod nsubj
Clarke<-compound
selection<-compound
leave<-appos det amod
well<-nmod:npmod
note<-dep advmod nmod nsubj
mystery<-det compound
suffer<-advmod dobj
pursue<-advcl nmod dobj
psychology<-case cc conj amod
breakdown<-case nummod
effort<-cop acl det neg nsubj
piker<-cop acl:relcl det
eliminate<-advcl dobj
team<-xcomp nsubj
draft<-dobj nmod nsubj
reach<-det nmod amod
apologize<-nmod nsubj
promise<-advmod nsubj
stock<-acl:relcl amod
attract<-dobj
prepare<-xcomp cop nsubj advcl mark
much<-dep cop nsubj advmod mark
GE<-case acl:relcl
spokesman<-case det nmod amod
regard<-case nmod
indicate<-advmod nsubj
elimination<-nmod amod
keep<-advmod nmod
injunction<-case acl:relcl det
self-righteous<-cc conj
Jan.<-nummod nmod
Paramount<-cc conj
usage<-case compound
pension<-cc conj nmod amod
Khan<-advmod det compound
storm<-case dep det
bid<-case appos amod
put<-cc conj dobj nmod mark
play<-dobj compound:prt advmod mark
outpost<-case det nmod amod
rush<-xcomp mark
five<-case nmod:npmod
specifics<-case
58.50<-case dep advmod
put<-compound:prt advmod mark
frivolous<-advmod
give<-advmod iobj dobj nsubj
supply<-advcl nsubj
time<-dobj mark
spend<-nsubj ccomp nmod mark
lose<-nsubj cc neg nmod dobj aux
incinerator<-det
control<-det nmod compound
detriment<-case det nmod
fair<-aux nsubj advmod cop
order<-cc conj nmod amod
stool<-case
connote<-dobj mark
president<-cop compound nmod nsubj
schedule<-case nmod compound
rate<-dep cc det compound
exploration<-case compound
position<-case advmod nmod:poss amod
cheat<-nmod mark
she<-det
waive<-aux ccomp nsubj
extend<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
monitor<-nsubj dep neg advmod cc conj
go<-xcomp compound:prt nmod nsubj
renegotiate<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
stadium<-appos det
arrival<-case compound
get<-aux advmod nmod
work<-dobj nmod nsubj
Savaiko<-case appos compound
surprising<-cop nsubj cc advcl aux conj
loss<-cc conj acl
explosion<-case nmod
hold<-aux advmod ccomp nsubj
use<-aux cop advmod nmod nsubj
charge<-cc nummod conj
instruction<-compound
merge<-cc conj cc:preconj dobj nsubj
leveraged<-xcomp advmod
Weekes<-compound
imitate<-nsubj neg nmod dobj aux mark
broker<-case nmod:poss
Wanda<-det compound
drive<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
pass<-cc conj nmod:tmod nsubj
furrow<-compound
corps<-dep det compound
hour<-advmod det
estimate<-ccomp
low<-cop nmod nsubj
credibility<-case cop ccomp neg nsubj
pin<-compound:prt dobj mark
officer<-dep appos nmod:poss amod
attempt<-xcomp advmod nmod nsubj
pursue<-dep dobj mark
fruitless<-cc conj
care<-compound amod
impossible<-xcomp aux cop ccomp nsubj
yield<-advcl dobj
issue<-det det:predet
hormone<-cop acl:relcl det
visit<-dep nmod nsubj
goal<-case nmod:poss acl
issue<-nmod:poss
disadvantage<-case det amod
pullback<-det
woman<-cop nsubj det amod mark
think<-xcomp nsubj nmod advcl
Treasury<-case cc conj det
effort<-case nmod:poss
priority<-compound det amod
snap<-advmod nmod
constituency<-case amod
complaint<-nmod nsubj
succeed<-nmod
walk<-aux nmod nsubj
fact<-nmod
gene<-case dep det amod
N.M.<-case compound
ambition<-xcomp nsubj mark
rely<-nmod
prevent<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
phenomenon<-det nmod amod
Delicious<-nmod compound
Goldinger<-appos compound
Species<-case dep nmod compound
station<-det nmod compound
show<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
live<-advcl advmod nsubj
develop<-advmod dobj nmod mark
Letter<-case nmod compound
recognize<-aux nmod
low<-cop advmod advcl
lucky<-xcomp cop nsubj cc advmod nmod aux
gas<-case compound
hangover<-det nmod
test<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
carrier<-case compound
envy<-cop det nmod
sell<-xcomp cc conj mark
seem<-xcomp nsubj ccomp
895/8<-dep compound
character<-det nmod amod
ventilation<-case cc conj compound amod
quarter<-case nummod acl:relcl det
newspaper<-case det amod
require<-nsubj advmod nmod ccomp aux dobj
take<-nsubj nmod dobj mark aux compound:prt
execute<-aux nsubj ccomp advcl
vote<-dobj mark
walk<-nmod nsubj
reduce<-nmod mark
(<-advmod dobj mark
condition<-case det nmod amod
agree<-aux ccomp nmod nsubj
show<-appos det
few<-advmod det
rock<-det nmod
Suncor<-case appos
interpret<-dobj mark
hope<-aux nmod nsubj
help<-cc aux conj ccomp nsubj
shorter.it<-cop ccomp
Michigan<-dep
flash<-cop nmod nsubj
ratify<-aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod
neighborhood<-case appos nmod:poss amod
market<-det nmod ccomp
request<-cc cop conj nmod
want<-xcomp dep nsubj
route<-case
Accords<-det compound
support<-cop acl:relcl nmod
classroom<-acl:relcl det
carpet<-case nmod compound
CD<-det amod
union<-appos nmod:poss amod
energy<-nmod:poss
terrazzo<-det amod
Goldberg<-case compound
executive<-dep det compound
wear<-aux dobj iobj nsubj
Bakker<-acl:relcl nmod
apply<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass
firm<-case dep det
Journal<-det amod
legislate<-aux nmod nsubj
Notice<-dep nsubj
Pentagon<-det nmod
Escalante<-appos compound
member<-cop compound acl:relcl nmod mark
convinced<-auxpass nsubjpass ccomp
divert<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
bill<-case nmod:poss
learn<-dobj mark
earthquake<-case det nmod amod
balloon<-nummod det
IRS<-appos det
rely<-advmod nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
start<-case cop nsubj cc advmod det conj
Whittaker<-case
Group<-case cc conj compound
score<-det compound
mishandle<-nsubj advmod dobj mark
draw<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
union<-case nmod:poss amod
run<-auxpass dobj
show<-xcomp dobj nmod nsubj
ask<-xcomp auxpass
group<-case nummod appos compound
heart<-case cop nsubj
client<-det amod
commit<-advmod nmod nsubj
run<-aux advmod neg nmod nsubj
Viacom<-nmod
Burzon<-appos compound
involve<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
supplier<-case det nmod amod
suffer<-aux advcl
oppressive<-advmod
champion<-cop nsubj neg det nmod amod advcl aux
advance<-parataxis dobj nsubj
clutter.one<-case acl:relcl
third<-advmod
drinking<-dobj nmod mark
$<-case dep nummod det nmod amod compound
favor<-nsubj
equal<-cop nmod
agency<-case appos nmod:poss compound
Organic<-compound
room<-case cc conj compound
repay<-ccomp dobj
loan<-acl:relcl det amod
Mosbacher<-case cc conj compound
same<-cop nsubj cc neg det advcl
robber<-det
district<-compound amod
illustrate<-auxpass nmod
eager<-dep nmod amod
debt<-appos
title<-case nmod compound
Cineplex<-amod
Jordan<-advmod nmod compound
consideration<-case nmod amod
Lithox<-nsubj nmod:tmod nmod advcl
parking<-case nmod
perform<-xcomp nmod nsubj
follow<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
sing<-dobj mark
inhibit<-dep neg
membership<-case compound amod
tradeoff<-det
Wellcome<-compound
signal<-aux dobj nmod neg nsubj
aircraft<-amod det compound
consider<-aux advmod ccomp neg nsubj
stand<-compound
symptom<-det amod
heavy<-nmod:npmod
(<-dep advmod nsubj
shipyard<-case amod
juggle<-dobj
have<-advcl nsubj dobj nmod mark
stipulate<-aux advmod ccomp nsubj
mandate<-case nmod
cite<-ccomp nsubj dobj advcl
anniversary<-acl:relcl det nmod
insulate<-dobj nmod nsubj
Honiss<-dep cc conj nmod
truth<-case cc conj
happen<-aux advmod neg nsubj
necessarily<-dep
employee<-case nummod compound
trial<-case cc det nmod compound conj
4,995<-case dep
memory<-case nmod
paint<-cop nsubj cc nmod aux conj
charge<-cop advmod nmod neg
point<-cc conj advmod det
relationship<-case compound
selling<-dep det amod
investment<-case nmod:poss
willing<-cc cop conj xcomp nsubj
Freddie<-dep
20<-case det amod
face<-aux nmod:tmod dobj
explanation<-cop nummod advmod acl amod
DPC<-appos
participant<-case det compound
learn<-nmod mark
live<-parataxis compound:prt dobj nsubj
loss<-compound
economy<-case det acl
popularity<-case
espresso<-cc conj det
shipment<-nmod:poss
misconduct<-case
Gollust<-case cc conj
redemption<-det det:predet
retrofitting<-dep det
Treaty<-det compound
alarm<-cop neg
slate<-xcomp cop nsubj
show<-dobj iobj nsubj
eat<-aux nsubj
relative<-case det
rumor<-case acl:relcl
Mignanelli<-appos compound
story<-det nmod amod
participate<-nsubj cc neg nmod advcl aux
suffer<-aux advmod nmod neg nsubj
Altman<-cc conj
prone<-cop advmod nmod
surge<-cc conj det nmod amod
face<-xcomp aux
design<-aux cop nmod nsubj
match<-cc xcomp nsubj
translatorfor<-dep acl:relcl det amod
rescue<-case det compound
often<-ccomp
debate<-case
Democrat<-det
Dorfman<-compound
worth<-neg
suspend<-cop nsubj
purchase<-case det amod
Mexico<-case cc conj compound
granite<-case
widen<-nmod dobj
encourage<-mark
develop<-cc conj
chess<-case
that<-acl
work<-dep nsubj
discourage<-nmod nsubj
Pertschuk<-appos compound
wrong<-cop advmod det mark
favor<-dep aux dobj nsubj
comeback<-case det
lifting<-det nmod
heavy<-cop nmod
man<-cc cop conj acl:relcl amod
land<-case cop nmod:poss amod
strategy<-case det acl
depict<-dobj nmod nsubj
avoid<-xcomp nmod nsubj
shoemake<-xcomp
penetrate<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
attend<-dep dobj nsubj
increase<-aux compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
ripe<-cc cop nmod nsubj
yet<-nmod:npmod
pocket<-amod
London<-dep
divorce<-cop nmod
Regal<-cc conj nmod:poss compound
current<-cc conj advmod
pill<-det amod
gain<-compound nmod:poss nmod amod
Lee<-dep acl:relcl compound
respond<-aux nmod neg nsubj
journalist<-nummod advmod
investing<-det
continue<-aux nmod:tmod nsubj
propose<-ccomp
Inc.<-case acl:relcl compound
work<-case nummod nmod compound
ideal<-aux cop nsubj
fund<-case nmod:poss nmod
use<-aux nsubj dobj advmod mark
Brecht<-case compound
accommodate<-advcl dobj mark
estimate<-cop nsubj nmod mark
pop<-auxpass compound:prt nsubjpass advmod mark
Lesk<-case nmod compound
stability<-det nmod amod
follower<-case nmod amod
lawyer<-case det nmod
scrutiny<-case cop nsubj nmod amod mark
message<-case dep det amod
bombard<-aux auxpass nmod
write<-compound:prt
inattention<-nsubj mark
all<-case cc conj
approve<-ccomp
transform<-advmod dobj mark
stem<-aux nsubj dobj advcl
share<-appos nmod compound
wealthier<-cop nsubj advmod mark advcl aux ccomp
Development<-cc conj compound
peddle<-nmod nsubj
unchanged<-advmod nmod
pill<-advmod
Institutes<-det nmod compound
$<-case cc nummod det nmod:tmod amod conj
dependence<-det
exodus<-case cop det nmod ccomp amod
Cowboys<-compound advmod det amod
friend<-dep
idea<-dep cc det
session<-case compound det amod
start<-dobj advmod mark
surplus<-det nmod compound
dissident<-dep nsubj
line<-case nmod:poss nmod
loss<-dep det compound
's<-nsubj
south<-nmod:npmod nmod
transaction<-case nmod:poss amod
scream<-aux cop det nsubj
sovereignty<-case amod
Hoelzer<-compound
company<-cop det nmod amod
out<-case nmod
lobby<-xcomp aux
reinterpretation<-det nmod
Executive<-case appos compound
adjustment<-case det nmod amod
expect<-nsubj ccomp nmod mark
deteriorate<-ccomp nsubj
acquit<-dobj nmod mark
gain<-dep nmod mark
Barco<-compound
kalega<-compound amod
transfer<-aux cop nsubj nmod mark
exchange<-case cc conj
thrall<-case cop det nmod
imagine<-nsubj advmod ccomp
malaise<-det
meet<-advmod nsubj
pope<-case det
fulfill<-dobj
object<-nmod nsubj
instance<-case appos nmod:tmod
receive<-dobj advmod mark
carrier<-advmod nmod:poss
Mixte<-case nmod compound
crowded<-advmod
manifestation<-case det nmod amod
guilty<-neg advcl
proud<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
4.55<-advmod
dullest<-case det nmod
involvement<-case compound
take<-cc dep conj nmod dobj
level<-cop nsubj neg advmod det acl:relcl
demand<-nmod:poss nmod
lead<-xcomp nsubj
return<-parataxis cc advmod nmod dobj conj mark
criticize<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
42,374<-case dep
lawsuit<-nmod nsubj
examiner<-det compound
industries.it<-case det amod
buy<-dep nsubj nmod dobj
indicate<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
seek<-xcomp dobj nsubj
manufacturer<-compound amod
add<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
much<-advmod dobj
fiction<-case cc conj
call<-advmod nmod mark
rumor<-advmod det nmod
Mancuso<-case
intent<-xcomp advmod
legitimize<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
song<-det nmod compound
position<-dep cc conj
get<-dep advmod dobj nmod nsubj
radio<-cc conj
capacity<-case nmod:poss compound
100<-cop nsubj cc advmod nmod conj
record<-case cc conj amod
exception<-cop det advcl
Camp<-compound
company<-case cc conj compound
Phillips<-case amod compound
weave<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
weakness<-case amod
garage.when<-acl:relcl
dress<-cc conj compound:prt dobj mark
flood<-det nmod amod
he<-acl
life<-case cc nummod conj
add<-aux nsubj nmod neg advcl
island<-case nummod det
stock<-case compound acl acl:relcl amod
close-mouthed<-aux cop nmod nsubj
address<-cc aux conj nmod
2,000<-case dep
aid<-case nmod:poss
slump<-cc conj compound
seek<-cc conj dobj ccomp compound:prt
recognize<-aux advcl mark
85<-dep advmod
choose<-advcl mark
cut<-advmod compound:prt nmod nsubj
liberal<-case det
computer<-case nmod amod
quality<-det amod
number<-dep cop det amod
generation<-case det
adjust<-nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
district<-compound det amod
insist<-nsubj ccomp advmod advcl
promise<-advmod nmod nsubj
designer<-amod det acl:relcl compound
disaster<-cc conj det amod
Sassy<-case
see<-advcl nsubj nmod mark
hand<-case nmod:poss nmod
meet<-ccomp
condition<-case advmod det
size<-case cc conj det
divide<-xcomp auxpass nmod
policyholder<-nmod
cost<-cc conj dobj nsubj
affect<-nsubj neg advmod nmod dobj aux
embarrassment<-dep cop det nmod dobj
spawn<-dobj mark
remove<-auxpass nmod
trigger<-advcl aux dobj nmod nsubj
promise<-advcl dobj nsubj
impact<-det nmod compound
make<-cc conj nmod nsubj
society<-cc conj amod
return<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
request<-case compound amod
tell<-dep xcomp dobj
commodity<-nmod amod
year<-nummod det nmod amod
make<-cc aux neg nsubj
devote<-nsubj nmod ccomp
discourage<-advmod
torment<-advmod nmod dobj
forbid<-nsubj advmod dobj nmod mark
fight<-aux nmod compound:prt
blinkers<-case nmod
investment<-dep det compound
burst<-dobj mark
superimpose<-case compound amod
average<-case dep
have<-nsubj dobj ccomp advmod mark
vane<-compound det amod
combine<-nsubj
tragedy<-det amod
(<-case acl:relcl compound
environment<-cc conj det
languish<-aux nsubj nmod mark
core<-case acl:relcl amod
house<-case cc det acl:relcl compound conj
write-off<-nmod amod
opponent<-nsubj
15<-dep nmod
sector<-case nmod:poss amod
crime<-cop det nmod nsubj
willing<-xcomp aux cop ccomp nsubj
miniature<-case det
split<-det acl
means<-case amod
right<-cop nmod
person<-cc conj det
district<-case amod det acl:relcl compound
row<-case appos det
lower<-nmod:npmod nmod
plant<-nummod nmod
margin<-nmod:poss nmod compound
missile<-case nummod nmod
support<-dep dobj mark
hand<-compound:prt dobj nmod mark
meter<-cop nummod nmod amod
concern<-acl:relcl
fee<-case acl:relcl compound
announcement<-case nmod amod
resident<-det
dish<-case cc conj compound
suspension<-cop det nmod amod expl aux
have<-dep advmod ccomp
group<-dep nmod
open<-cop nsubj advmod mark
form<-nsubj ccomp advmod mark
}<-case cop nummod nmod mark
Alert<-case det nmod compound
conception<-dep nmod compound
mention<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
obligation<-dep det
intend<-xcomp neg conj cc
phase<-case nmod amod
do<-aux ccomp nmod dobj
approve<-nsubj cc advmod nmod aux conj
respectable<-advmod nmod
rally<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
get<-nsubj dep nmod compound:prt advcl aux dobj
deficiency<-cop amod
prepare<-dep cop advmod
vigorously<-cc conj
client<-case nmod:poss amod
rev<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
pizzeria<-cc conj
approach<-case compound det amod
analyst<-case acl:relcl amod
1.5820<-case dep
settle<-dep dobj mark
leave<-dep dobj mark
parent<-dep advmod
oil<-case det
supervise<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
municipality<-cc conj det nmod amod
oil<-case dep
expectation<-nmod compound
4.5<-advmod
sure<-cop nsubj ccomp mark
reassign<-advmod dobj nsubj
arrest<-case compound
top<-nsubj cc advmod dobj aux conj
pay<-aux advcl mark
close<-dep nmod:tmod nmod
there<-dep parataxis
raise<-dobj ccomp mark
spinoff<-case det acl
(<-neg compound
spending<-nummod compound
discuss<-xcomp mark
paper<-case compound
try<-xcomp ccomp
skirt<-dep
pervasive<-advmod
record<-dep cop advmod nmod
need<-cop advcl
bid<-compound det acl:relcl amod
airborne<-nmod
receptor<-acl:relcl det compound
Lemans<-case nmod:poss nmod
artery<-compound
strategy<-dep compound det nmod amod
edition<-case compound amod
yield<-case compound
Alliance<-case compound
668<-case dep
stop<-cc advmod nsubj
man<-cop amod det nsubj
special<-case det nmod amod
knock<-case det nmod amod
discard<-advmod dobj
assign<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
circle<-case compound amod
achieve<-dep nsubj mark
Monte<-case appos compound
implicit<-cop nsubj nmod advmod mark
$<-dep cop nummod
effective<-dep cop dobj nmod nsubj
devote<-ccomp mark
deny<-dobj iobj nmod nsubj
choice<-cop nsubj det acl mark amod
pass<-dep ccomp
competitiveness<-case det nmod
hotel<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss compound
see<-cc conj dobj mark
people<-compound det amod
abandon<-aux nsubj
Chairman<-cc conj compound
way<-case amod nmod compound
Mix<-case nmod:poss compound
encourage<-cc conj dobj mark
woo<-dobj nmod mark
machinist<-case nummod det
protein<-nmod amod
depend<-dep xcomp nsubj compound:prt mark
number<-case acl:relcl det nmod amod
transaction<-case nummod
influence<-advmod dobj mark
prospect<-nummod det
hang<-nsubj cc compound:prt aux conj dobj
wake<-advcl nsubj compound:prt nmod:tmod mark
interview<-case det nmod compound
54,000<-dep nmod
floor<-det nmod amod
disguise<-neg advmod nmod nsubj
executive<-appos nmod:poss amod
molding<-nmod
end<-case det nmod compound
people<-nmod:poss amod
result<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
component<-acl:relcl amod
player<-compound
longest<-nmod:poss nmod
discuss<-dobj nmod nsubj
Mae<-parataxis advmod dobj nmod nsubj
carry<-aux nsubj compound:prt nmod mark
year<-case cc det amod compound conj
feel<-xcomp nsubj ccomp mark
bike<-case acl:relcl det compound
merchant<-dep nsubj
propose<-xcomp advmod nsubj
work<-case advmod
artist<-cop appos
enlist<-parataxis discourse advcl nmod dobj
meeting<-case compound
tell<-nmod:tmod nmod dobj
Press<-dep nummod conj
reason<-det ccomp
fear<-case det nmod
problem<-dep cop det nmod acl
hotel<-nmod:poss
estimate<-case nummod compound
have<-aux nsubj advmod dobj mark
client<-dep nsubj dobj nmod mark
small<-cc cop conj
measure<-cc dep conj nsubj
unit<-cc conj det compound
fall<-nmod:tmod dobj
level<-cop nsubj cc advmod aux conj nmod:poss
cost<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj iobj aux
disappointing<-cop nmod
neighborhood<-det nmod
try<-xcomp nsubj advmod mark
errand.hearing<-det nmod
81.50<-case dep
rights<-nmod:poss nmod
track<-aux dobj nsubj
pay<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
increase<-dep compound:prt dobj nsubj
July<-nummod amod
print<-ccomp
sheet<-nmod
division<-case amod
fund-raiser<-case amod
round<-cop amod det nmod nsubj
supply<-aux nmod nsubj
tire<-compound det acl:relcl amod
tourist<-det
read<-aux nsubj dobj advmod mark
unrest<-det
property<-cc conj nmod
Journal<-cc conj det compound
Legent<-nmod
behavior<-appos compound
report<-nsubj advmod dobj mark
recall<-det
gas<-case cop nsubj
adapt<-ccomp nsubj
Kimbrough<-compound
aid<-cop nmod
Vermont<-cc conj
investor<-case cc conj acl:relcl det
place<-dobj advmod mark
provincial<-advmod
Land<-case det nmod
petition<-dep nummod compound amod
Modrow<-compound
muscovite<-nummod
practice<-det amod
suffer<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
future<-dep det
erode<-cc aux conj dobj
Hyman<-nmod:poss compound
package<-cop nsubj dep advmod compound aux
column<-nmod:poss
Dennis<-compound
plummet<-xcomp dobj nsubj
campaign<-compound nmod:poss amod
plain<-cop ccomp nsubj
recite<-case acl:relcl
prominent<-dep ccomp
expansion<-det amod
wheat<-case nmod
Ross<-acl compound
tend<-xcomp cc conj nsubj mark
control<-case det nmod
devaluation<-advmod det
decline<-cc dobj nmod nsubj
Concerto<-compound nmod:poss nmod amod
studio<-case cc conj det compound
King<-case cc conj compound
legislator<-det nmod
one.and<-ccomp
stake<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
afternoon<-compound
lavish<-det nmod amod
reality<-case advmod det amod
receive<-xcomp nmod nsubj
do<-nsubj neg dobj iobj advcl aux
paper<-case nmod:poss compound
Siberia<-case
tide<-det nmod amod
reproduce<-dobj mark
Jupiter<-cc conj
machine<-acl:relcl amod
permit<-case det nmod
conceal<-dobj nmod mark
right-wing<-case det
ax<-cc conj det amod
work<-ccomp compound:prt
stumble<-aux nsubj nmod mark
charge<-aux nmod nsubj
prepare<-xcomp nmod mark
waste<-case compound
vote<-case det nmod compound
dive<-case amod compound
try<-advcl advmod dobj
efficiency<-case nmod compound
611/8<-dep compound
lift<-ccomp
good<-cop nsubj cc nmod aux conj
Greece<-cc conj advmod
height<-case
supplier<-det
concentration<-nmod nsubj
get<-nsubj cc neg advmod dobj aux conj
undertake<-advcl nmod dobj
predecessor<-dep nmod amod
London<-case nmod
pick<-cc conj dobj nsubj
notice<-ccomp mark
successor<-det
Waldman<-appos compound
must<-nsubj mark
put<-cc conj amod
35/8<-dep nmod compound
seek<-advcl aux dobj nmod nsubj
Tower<-compound
naturally<-cc ccomp
vest<-case compound amod
represent<-aux nmod neg nsubj
California<-case appos
give<-advcl advmod nmod compound:prt
Cruz<-compound
chart<-det
put<-advcl dobj mark
recalculate<-nsubj ccomp mark
force<-cop acl mark
stock<-case acl det amod
offer<-case det nmod amod
build<-dep dobj mark
locate<-dobj advmod mark
handling<-det nmod
protector<-case cc conj compound
certain<-ccomp
murder.and<-det
venture<-cop dep advmod cc compound conj nmod:poss
settle<-dobj nmod compound:prt
quote<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod dobj
accrue<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
jail<-advcl advmod dobj nmod nsubj
vital<-nmod:npmod
shun<-dep dobj nsubj
Port<-det nmod
frightening<-cop advmod ccomp nsubj
anybody<-cop acl:relcl det
knowledge<-nmod amod
embroil<-aux dobj nsubj
race<-det
Dillow<-compound
trim<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod mark
newspaper<-acl
building<-ccomp mark
condemn<-advmod mark
come<-neg compound:prt nmod nsubj
buzzer<-case advmod det amod
defend<-mark
work<-ccomp mark
track<-nummod det appos nmod compound
target<-dep nsubj nmod dobj
Francisco<-case nmod compound
enhance<-ccomp
permit<-case compound
sanguine<-cc cop ccomp nsubj
Perritt<-case compound
business<-nummod compound
art<-case cc conj det
officious<-cop advmod ccomp
pregnant<-cop nsubj nmod mark
launch<-advcl dobj nsubj
pit<-nummod amod det compound
risk<-cc conj compound nmod:poss amod
enter<-dep nsubj dobj nmod:tmod mark
loyal<-nmod:npmod cop nmod
nameplate<-dep acl:relcl
raising<-case cc conj compound
case<-case amod compound
suspend<-dobj nsubj
Force<-det compound
include<-dep advcl ccomp
Shevardnadze<-dep compound
quote<-cop nsubj dep advmod nmod aux
employee<-nummod compound
manipulate<-aux dobj mark
stereo<-nsubj
fee<-case det amod
share<-xcomp nmod
collection<-case det nmod
catch<-case cc conj compound:prt nsubj
adjustment<-det compound
Association<-nmod:poss
Story<-det nmod amod
boast<-ccomp nsubj
aged<-cc conj nmod:tmod
connect<-xcomp nsubj
force<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
member<-cop nsubj advmod det nmod amod advcl
virus<-det
select<-nmod nsubj
fill<-parataxis nsubj neg advmod dobj aux mark
state<-case nummod compound det amod
factor<-cop amod det nmod nsubj
boost<-iobj nmod:tmod dobj
hour<-case cc nummod conj
landscaping<-acl
inauguration<-nsubj nmod:tmod mark
Monmouth<-case
diplomat<-acl:relcl nmod compound
press<-advcl advmod nmod:tmod nmod mark
Amoco<-case compound
cover<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
offer<-dobj advmod mark
thrift<-compound amod
electrocardiogram<-case det
yield<-det compound
number<-case det nmod compound
differ<-aux nmod nsubj
urge<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
unchanged<-cc cop nmod nsubj
proof<-case nmod
diminish<-nmod dobj
force<-aux cop acl:relcl expl
impeach<-cop nmod nsubj
vs.Board<-nmod
conduct<-dobj nmod advmod mark
foot<-advmod nmod nsubj
minimize<-dobj mark
work<-advcl compound:prt nmod mark
organizer<-det compound
offering<-case compound
sanction<-amod
Garden<-nmod:poss compound
behave<-nmod
respect<-acl:relcl det
raise<-dobj compound:prt nsubj
Rafsanjani<-nmod:poss compound
out<-cc cop conj nmod nsubj
massage<-nsubj mark
judge<-case
article<-acl:relcl nmod:poss nmod
learn<-ccomp mark
practice<-case cc conj compound
move<-advmod compound
Finnair<-cc conj
finish<-auxpass advcl nsubjpass mark
produce<-xcomp mark
coffee<-case nmod:poss compound
something<-dep
group<-dep det nmod
comic<-cop advmod
WTXF<-appos nmod
yield<-dobj nsubj
merger<-case nmod:poss nmod
Phillip<-dep dobj
ban<-amod
freezer<-case det nmod
part<-cop det nmod
influence<-cop det nmod amod
commit<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass
bring<-dobj compound:prt
pulp<-case
start<-case compound det amod
wares<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
international<-cop
suburb<-case det nmod
fine<-cop advmod advcl
six<-dep compound
Schwab<-case cc conj compound
Grassley<-appos
patent<-case nummod compound
Lexus<-case
speculation<-acl
tone<-nmod:poss amod
latest<-aux cop det nmod nsubj
project<-case nmod:poss amod
lackluster<-advmod
Landry<-compound
maker<-acl compound
manage<-xcomp aux nsubj neg mark
rebut<-xcomp mark
hour<-case dep amod
east<-case det
music<-amod
first<-cop acl:relcl det ccomp
massage<-case amod
quota<-compound
mink<-det amod
reverse<-case
trader<-cop dep det nmod:tmod nmod amod compound
expand<-aux dobj nsubj
code<-det compound
datum<-case acl:relcl
standard-bearer<-case det nmod
people<-dep nummod
take<-dobj ccomp nmod nsubj
rise<-nmod compound:prt
withdrawal<-compound
Pa<-ccomp nsubj
right<-nmod:poss nmod amod
approve<-nmod mark
hook<-case det
reform<-nsubj mark
phase<-aux auxpass advmod nsubjpass compound:prt
scandal<-det
comply<-advcl
June<-dep nummod
robber<-nummod
lead<-advcl nsubj dobj mark
2,060<-case
scheme<-det amod
Shop<-det nmod compound
disagree<-nmod nsubj
sign<-advcl dobj nsubj
walk<-nmod:tmod nmod
tell<-xcomp csubj dobj
worth<-dep cop advmod nsubj
purchase<-case dep nmod amod cc conj
1.10<-dep
contain<-auxpass nmod ccomp
Graphics<-case compound
Gottlieb<-compound
set<-dep nmod nsubj
understanding<-cop det nmod mark expl aux
believe<-xcomp advcl nsubj mark
value<-acl det amod
increase<-advcl dobj mark
board<-dep det
file<-case nummod compound
flag<-case det compound
grow<-cc conj mark nsubj
eye<-nmod:poss
be<-dep aux advmod nsubj
summit<-case det compound
1065/8<-dep compound
hobby<-case det
asset<-case dep compound
face<-advcl dobj advmod nsubj
place<-acl det amod
come<-advcl compound:prt nsubj
tar<-case cc conj
entry<-nmod
player<-nmod amod
fabric<-case det nmod
prompt<-det
marketer<-det nmod
lighten<-dep dobj nmod compound:prt
make<-compound:prt ccomp nmod nsubj
authority<-case compound nmod amod
both<-acl:relcl
rule<-cc neg compound:prt aux conj ccomp
}<-xcomp auxpass nmod mark
bond<-case compound acl amod
remember<-advcl dobj mark
Express<-case dep conj cc compound
pack<-case
new<-cop nmod
bunny<-case det
beat<-auxpass nmod:tmod nmod compound:prt
generation<-amod
49,000<-dep advmod
seacoast<-case det compound
Flaherty<-compound
liberal<-cop ccomp nsubj
auction<-compound:prt dobj mark
pass<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
Hitachi<-case nmod compound
$<-cop nsubj nummod advmod nmod mark aux
none<-case compound amod
be<-dep nsubj advcl
milk<-advmod dobj mark
provide<-nsubj neg advmod nmod dobj aux
feel<-aux advcl
dilemma<-det amod
involve<-cc auxpass nsubjpass nmod
N.J.<-case compound
concentrate<-compound:prt ccomp nmod nsubj
chief<-case appos compound det amod
Altman<-case cc conj acl:relcl compound
ruling<-compound det det:predet
discover<-auxpass nmod
ensure<-aux dobj nsubj
slide<-acl:relcl compound
specialty<-dep nmod:poss
jolt<-case det nmod amod
war<-cop amod mark
contribute<-nsubj neg advmod nmod mark aux
upgrade<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
export<-nmod dobj
mayor<-case det acl
get<-aux ccomp nsubj
cyclical<-advmod
stock<-nmod compound
impose<-aux nsubj ccomp neg mark
snobbery<-case cc advmod det amod dep conj
drop<-cop det nmod nsubj
participate<-advcl nmod mark
contract<-case dep det nmod
RTC<-case det
Denmark<-case
wrangle<-cop nmod
drugstore<-nmod:poss amod
consider<-cc conj nmod:tmod dobj
minister<-dep det amod
denizen<-nmod
dispute<-case acl:relcl det amod
engineer<-dep nummod
Pinkerton<-cc acl:relcl
miss<-nmod nsubj
investor<-cc conj
do<-case cop nsubj nmod dobj aux
Christ<-case
stop<-advcl dobj nsubj
Pennsylvania<-case cc conj advmod
sink<-dep cc conj advmod mark
Sit<-compound
support<-advcl advmod dobj nmod:tmod mark
detente<-det
Mozart<-cc conj det amod
class<-case cc conj amod
age<-dep cop neg
intertwine<-cop nmod
way<-nmod nsubj
aggregate<-case acl:relcl det
physician<-cc conj
oil<-nmod amod
infringe<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
practice<-cop neg det nmod amod compound
market<-case dep advmod det nmod
KKR<-case cc conj
competent<-cop dep advmod dobj cc conj
calling<-case amod
attorney<-det amod
inform<-advcl advmod nsubj
motivate<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass mark
2010<-case
little<-advmod nmod
lawsuit<-case det amod
due<-cop nmod nsubj
crack<-dep det
accept<-dobj advmod mark
fact<-dep det amod
want<-nsubj ccomp mark
Guttman<-case cc conj compound
liquor<-case
$<-nummod nmod acl
better<-cc cop conj ccomp nsubj
Lawrence<-case appos compound
target<-compound det amod
{<-nmod dobj
80<-dep
percentage<-case det nmod
have<-nsubj cc neg advmod dobj aux conj
prove<-aux advmod nmod neg nsubj
challenge<-cc conj nmod dobj
'80<-advmod
uncertainty<-cop
Bank<-case cc conj det compound
Palmero<-compound
warrant<-aux ccomp nsubj
be<-cc nsubj advmod expl
censor<-nsubj dobj mark
seat<-nummod nmod:poss compound
able<-xcomp cop nsubj cc neg aux
standard<-det amod
BELL<-dep nsubj
problem<-dep cop
either<-dep cc conj
backbone<-case nmod:poss
wind<-advcl compound:prt nsubj
not<-dep cop nsubj nmod mark
capitalize<-aux nsubj nmod mark
Hammond<-case appos compound
closet<-case det
network<-det compound
state<-dep compound det amod
voter<-nmod:poss
nature<-cc det nmod
Northwest<-case
woman<-dep det nmod
natural<-cop ccomp nmod nsubj
Inco<-dep
look<-cop acl
size<-det
offering<-appos compound det amod
guy<-cop nsubj cc det ccomp acl:relcl conj amod
provide<-advcl dobj mark
rank<-aux nmod nsubj
test<-case det nmod amod
available<-xcomp
building<-cc conj
Star<-case nmod:poss compound
goods<-nmod amod
expansion<-cc conj compound
consolidation<-nmod amod
planner<-dep compound
add<-dep dobj nmod mark
2.44<-dep
repurchase<-aux nsubj dobj mark
litany<-det nmod amod
consequence<-case nmod compound
pork<-compound
authority<-cc conj nmod
support<-nsubj neg advmod ccomp aux dobj
and<-conj advmod
discount<-nmod amod
intend<-aux advcl
Melton<-case appos compound
crazy<-cop
officer<-cc conj det
Lausanne<-case
purchase<-case nummod det nmod
cycle<-case nmod:poss amod
bidding<-case det nmod amod
pay<-advmod nmod compound:prt
strength<-case nmod compound
temper<-cop nmod mark
Contemporary<-appos compound
hard<-xcomp cop parataxis nmod advcl
close<-case cc nmod amod compound conj
venture<-det nmod
office<-nmod:poss amod
focus<-case dep nmod
June<-nummod amod
job<-case advmod det acl:relcl
pocket<-case det amod
gasoline<-dep cop compound
distributor<-amod
sense<-nsubj
business<-neg nmod amod
expect<-xcomp cc conj nsubj mark
dollar<-case nummod det
happen<-advmod nsubj
sanction<-nmod nsubj
pity<-cop det nsubj
criminality<-case nmod
reject<-dep dobj nsubj
jury-rig<-dobj
cast<-aux dobj nsubj
Kloves<-cc conj compound
sand<-case dep amod
AG<-case cc conj
search<-case
block<-aux cop nsubj nmod mark
bring<-aux nsubj dobj mark
Falls<-case compound
flash<-case
economist<-det compound
business<-case dep advmod det amod
give<-compound:prt mark
move<-dep cop det amod
draw<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj advcl aux
board<-case cc conj det nmod
Hugo<-case cc conj
merger<-case advmod det nmod
judge<-advmod
crank<-cc conj acl
"<-dobj
shock<-advmod det
mini-studio<-case cop det parataxis nsubj
Corp.<-compound amod
acceptable<-advmod
right<-cop nsubj cc nmod compound conj
value<-case nummod compound nmod amod
line<-dep det nmod amod
know<-aux nsubj mark
museum<-case
outpace<-case det compound
Department<-nmod:poss compound
range<-xcomp advmod nmod nsubj
Fresno<-dep
failure<-case det amod
grow<-nsubj cc advmod nmod mark conj
barrier<-dep det amod
receive<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
symbol<-cop det nmod
Britain.Mr<-case amod
dip<-det nmod compound
rip<-auxpass nsubjpass compound:prt
skim<-dep aux dobj nmod nsubj
background<-case appos det
sell<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
gear<-cop nsubj neg advmod acl:relcl compound
payment<-nmod amod
plant<-dep nmod:poss nmod
soundness<-aux cop det nmod nsubj
con<-advmod
physician<-cop compound amod det nsubj
ease<-advmod mark
McMaster<-case compound
joke<-case amod
experiment<-cc conj compound det amod
league<-cop amod det mark
case<-case acl:relcl nmod
figure<-nmod mark
open<-compound:prt dobj nmod mark
conspicuous<-dep nmod
Westborough<-dep
suitable<-advmod
so-so<-cop nsubj
do<-cc advmod dobj nsubj
protect<-aux nmod nsubj
harm<-appos compound
nostalgic<-advmod
computers.after<-case nmod:poss
technology.they<-amod
buildup<-case det amod
Chung<-advmod nmod compound
33.90<-dep aux cop nsubj advcl
activity<-amod nmod compound
loser<-auxpass nmod mark
Lesutis<-compound
wait<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass nmod
make<-aux
live<-advmod nmod nsubj
increase<-advmod det nmod
spread<-case acl:relcl
enhance<-dobj
important<-case cc conj
beam<-case acl det compound
infuse<-auxpass nmod
outstanding<-case cc conj advmod
year<-cc conj
down<-dep advmod
transportation<-case
summarize<-dep nsubj dobj mark
811/16<-advmod
overshadow<-dep cop advmod
Vinson<-acl:relcl compound
danger<-det amod
phrasing<-dep det amod
constraint<-cop det nmod neg
bottom<-case det compound
no.<-acl:relcl det amod
leave<-case appos det amod
market<-cc conj
town<-cop nsubj dep det nmod cc conj
Americans<-case det
son<-appos
McCraw<-compound
mark<-dep det compound
antic<-det nmod amod
surge<-amod compound
appoint<-nmod ccomp
carry<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
Genentech<-case
breakup<-dep det
coup<-det
fraud<-amod
tourism<-case compound
Kravis<-compound det nmod amod
make<-xcomp cc conj
sponsorship<-case nmod compound
give<-nsubj ccomp mark
sorry<-amod
cost<-aux nsubj advmod mark
Marriott<-case
Green<-case dep det
lineup<-det nmod
nation<-dep amod
construction<-cc conj det nmod
wrong<-cc conj nmod
Garber<-compound
23<-cop advmod
consent<-case compound
schedule<-cc cop conj acl
operation<-nummod det amod
keep<-compound:prt mark
hit<-case det compound
{<-dep neg
name<-cc conj det amod
barrier<-case det nmod compound
under<-cop advmod ccomp nsubj
slowdown<-advmod det amod
premium<-det nmod compound
sell<-cc advmod dobj nsubj
unconvincing<-cop
Thursday<-case nmod
interest<-appos det amod
shiver<-nmod advcl
hard<-parataxis cop xcomp nmod
sell<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod mark
start<-advmod nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
employee<-case det nmod
save<-aux nsubj nmod mark
send<-case nmod dobj
Jukes<-compound
fill<-nsubj advmod ccomp mark
Michael<-dep
responsibility<-nmod
Amarillo<-dep
District<-det nmod
number<-case nummod compound
donate<-case nummod compound
jogging<-case cc conj
psychobiology<-case acl:relcl
chase<-nsubj dobj mark
Storage<-acl:relcl
fund<-parataxis compound det mark
temblor<-case det
volume<-dep amod
talk<-case advmod compound
enormous<-cop nsubj cc neg mark conj
write<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
shut<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
fragmented<-cc conj advmod
generator<-amod
get<-nsubj advmod mark
distort<-advmod dobj mark
bond<-compound acl amod
way<-case advmod det nmod
mother<-compound det amod
flow<-case compound nmod amod
}<-dep compound
371/4<-case
arbitrator<-case det
assume<-nsubj advmod dobj mark
dollar<-case appos det
Prague<-case cc conj
snippet<-acl:relcl nmod
important<-aux cop nsubj nmod mark
picture<-dobj nsubj
anonymous<-cop advcl mark
motivation<-acl det amod
settle<-ccomp nmod nsubj
meet<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj aux mark
reason<-cop nsubj cc advmod det nmod amod
proposal<-case compound amod
improvement<-det nmod amod
japanese<-case
product<-case det nmod
top<-det nmod compound
lobbyist<-det
stage<-case det
introduction<-case nmod:poss
duty<-dep
review<-det nmod
suggest<-advmod nsubj
level<-compound det amod
prefer<-dobj nmod nsubj
rise<-discourse advmod ccomp
Gintel<-appos compound
niche<-case compound
conflict<-det
charge<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
related<-neg advmod nmod
torment<-dobj nmod mark
interdependence<-case
441/8<-dep compound
miserably<-advmod nmod
Rubeli<-appos compound
streak<-acl
batch<-case det nmod amod
do<-cc advmod dobj nmod nsubj
illustrate<-dobj mark
pricing<-case det compound
strangle<-advmod dobj nsubj
inconceivable<-dep advmod
damage<-det nmod
Phillips<-case compound
be<-case
that<-appos amod
accept<-ccomp mark
get<-nsubj advmod dobj nmod ccomp
range<-det amod
desirable<-xcomp cop advmod
rigor<-case nmod compound
rule<-aux compound:prt neg nsubj
reach<-aux nmod dobj
evaluate<-dep dobj
Balzac<-case
settling<-det nmod
Corr<-dep compound det amod
subcompact<-case nummod nmod:poss
deep<-nmod
emphasis<-case nmod
close<-case dep nmod:poss nmod
Sept.<-case nummod nmod
weak<-cop advmod advcl
Allianz<-case nmod
drive<-cop acl:relcl nsubj
quote<-dep cop nsubj advmod mark
space.and<-case amod
Grigoli<-appos compound
damage<-det nmod compound
Reiss<-case compound
make<-nsubj dobj nmod advcl
1.64<-dep
station<-compound nmod:poss amod
overvalue<-cc nummod advmod conj
sell<-advcl dobj nmod mark
Noriega<-acl:relcl compound
reside<-aux nmod
Wall<-advmod compound
linage<-dep
envisage<-dobj nsubj
effect<-det nmod compound
hurt<-aux dobj neg mark
reserve<-dep nmod mark
Islander<-case det compound
v<-det
mother<-xcomp nsubj
buy<-det
filings<-case dep compound amod
judgment<-nsubj
Commodore<-cc nummod acl:relcl det conj
drop<-det nmod compound
question<-cc conj nmod
8<-dep cc conj amod
decline<-nsubj dobj nmod advcl
Life<-dep
support<-mark dobj nsubj
push<-det nmod amod
soundtrack<-case det nmod
marketing<-det det:predet
absence<-nmod:poss amod
flash<-nmod
move<-advmod dobj
Laboratory<-case cc conj compound
whacky<-cc cop conj nsubj
presentation<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
beastie<-case amod
Boren<-acl:relcl
aircraft<-compound
breach<-cc conj nsubj dobj mark
Continental<-amod
acre<-case nummod det
inform<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
pilot<-case acl:relcl det
drive<-nmod:poss compound
Scambio<-compound
want<-advmod nsubj
communist<-cop nsubj nmod mark
treat<-aux nmod nsubj
TransCanada<-dep
look<-dep nsubj advmod mark
uniform<-det nmod amod
fall<-advcl nsubj dobj nmod mark
exhaust<-ccomp mark
senator<-case nummod det amod
expect<-ccomp mark
measure<-case dep acl:relcl det compound
dealer<-case nmod
available<-cop advmod nmod ccomp
backfire<-aux nsubj
consumer<-nmod amod
cautious<-cop nsubj
Torrijos<-compound
maker<-dep compound nmod:poss amod
donate<-aux advmod nsubj
lose<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
write<-nsubj dep advmod nmod dobj mark
let<-dep advmod dobj
cable<-cc conj det
implore<-dep cop
side<-case acl:relcl det compound
case<-cop det amod
happen<-ccomp nmod nsubj
nutshell<-case det
shake<-det compound
decide<-xcomp nsubj cc mark aux conj
difficult<-nmod
point<-ccomp nsubj
peanut<-cc conj
upgrade<-advcl nmod dobj
headquarters<-compound nmod:poss amod
ease<-advcl dobj nmod:tmod mark
(<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
company<-acl det compound
Manic<-case nmod:tmod
chase<-dep compound nsubj
state<-case nmod amod
enthusiasm<-nmod:poss
cost<-cc conj compound amod
Donnelley<-case acl:relcl
46<-advmod
offer<-case acl nmod:poss amod
faster<-cc conj
rack<-nmod
Keenan<-compound
worry<-dep ccomp mark
evidence<-neg nmod
63<-nmod
plan<-xcomp cc conj nmod:tmod nsubj
repertoire<-det
himself<-nsubj
plead<-xcomp nmod mark
crawl<-advcl aux advmod nmod nsubj
retailing<-case nmod
snap<-det
Trump<-nmod compound
month<-case det acl
Thompson<-compound amod
night<-det amod
forefather<-case det
coast<-det nmod compound
slave<-case det
Mason<-nmod compound
mischief<-case
shout<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod mark
coin<-case amod
policy<-det acl
name<-nmod amod
Bureau<-case nmod:poss compound
high<-advcl aux cop advmod nsubj
year<-cop amod nmod compound
House<-cc conj
transplant<-nmod dobj
policeman<-det amod
resolve<-parataxis cop dep nmod
trouble<-cop nsubj advmod nmod mark
alley<-amod
efficiency<-det nmod
say<-nsubj dobj
Schwarz<-compound
takeover<-case det nmod
A&P<-case nmod
include<-advmod
switch<-acl:relcl amod
only<-cc dep advmod
Stovall<-appos compound
conditioner<-case compound
fluff<-auxpass expl nmod advmod mark
cut<-dep dobj compound:prt
replace<-aux nmod dobj
source<-amod nmod nsubj
channel<-acl:relcl det
influence<-amod
250<-dep
continue<-xcomp nsubj cc mark aux conj
bridge<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
ask<-dep ccomp nsubj
pressure<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
cost<-advcl nsubj mark
Germany<-case acl:relcl det
bank<-case cc conj det
pension<-case nmod
segment<-compound nmod:poss amod
loyalty<-dep compound
student<-neg
bomber<-cc conj compound det amod
Korotich<-acl:relcl compound
Vegans<-compound
company<-case compound acl:relcl amod
superintendent<-aux cop nsubj compound mark
costly<-cc cop conj parataxis nsubj
withdraw<-cc auxpass nsubjpass conj mark
market<-nummod advmod acl:relcl amod
broker<-dep det
fair<-cop advmod
enforcer<-compound amod
Ariz.<-case compound
House<-case cc conj det amod
covenant<-cc conj amod
cell<-case compound amod
refute<-cc ccomp nsubj
prison<-dep det
happy<-cc cop conj nsubj
heed<-xcomp mark
tag<-cc advmod nmod dobj dep mark
tongue<-cc conj det amod
recycle<-case xcomp cc advmod nmod dobj conj
keyboard<-appos nmod:poss
Diamond<-case cc conj compound
estimate<-nummod acl:relcl det
signal<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
cent<-nummod amod
basis<-compound det acl:relcl amod
Sugarman<-compound
faith<-nmod nsubj
hop<-nsubj compound:prt nmod mark
1.84<-dep
heelsthe<-dep dobj
hook<-auxpass ccomp nmod compound:prt
champion<-cop amod ccomp nmod neg
voter<-case det amod
forbid<-nsubj dobj mark
barrel<-case dep nummod nmod
giant<-case nmod amod acl:relcl compound nmod:poss
game<-compound amod
panel<-case cc conj det
overcome<-auxpass nsubjpass mark
Leigh-Pemberton<-compound
half-time<-case nmod
plunge<-advmod nmod:poss
Crandall<-nmod compound
Homes<-dep compound
contractor<-det nmod amod
tool<-det nmod
receive<-ccomp
technique<-cop nsubj cc acl:relcl compound aux conj
stress<-cc conj
short<-nmod:npmod nmod
gainer<-compound det nmod amod
end<-advcl compound:prt nmod:tmod nsubj
developer<-dep cc conj compound amod
oversubscribed<-auxpass
disappoint<-auxpass nmod
Benton<-cc conj compound
tell<-nmod nsubj
wipe<-nsubj compound:prt dobj mark
ebensburg<-mark
surprising<-cop ccomp advcl nsubj
contract<-nummod compound
risk<-cc nummod conj
report<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
(<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
use<-dep det nmod amod
provide<-dep nsubj
arm<-case
parent<-cop nmod
diversity<-det compound
produce<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
IAFP<-case det nmod
bailout<-case compound nmod:poss amod
collateralize<-advmod nmod
complacent<-advmod nmod
present<-cop nsubj
one<-cc cop conj advmod nmod
love<-advcl dobj nsubj
enter<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
investigation<-det nmod
wave<-case acl det nmod amod
group<-compound nmod amod
expect<-nsubj ccomp advmod mark
worse<-cc aux cop advmod nsubj
you<-xcomp cop neg nsubj
BNL<-appos amod
contract<-case nummod
pound<-case cop det amod acl:relcl compound
provide<-aux nsubj nmod neg dobj
qualify<-advmod nmod nsubj
district<-case nummod
drama<-case amod
go<-aux nsubj advmod nmod:tmod mark
disk<-case amod
see<-aux dobj nmod advmod nsubj
c<-case compound
business<-case acl:relcl det nmod amod
the<-case nmod amod
easygoing<-cc cop conj
finding<-aux ccomp nsubj
cry<-det amod
group<-case advmod det
appropriate<-nsubj cc advmod ccomp aux conj
grow<-dep mark
protein<-case dep det compound
stir<-advcl compound:prt dobj mark
ownership<-case nmod amod
seek<-nmod ccomp
float<-nmod compound
choose<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
retire<-ccomp
ambition<-case compound amod
connect<-nmod nsubj
maintain<-parataxis nsubj cc advcl aux conj
beset<-advmod nmod ccomp
computer<-case cc cc:preconj det nmod amod conj
boundary<-cc conj nmod:poss amod
step<-nsubj cc det nmod amod conj
rescue<-det
rise<-advmod dobj
(<-dobj advmod nsubj
massacre<-case det nmod amod
hire<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
brave<-advcl aux cop advmod nsubj
name<-case nmod
device<-case acl:relcl det
36<-advmod nmod
retain<-advmod dobj nmod mark
procedure<-case cc conj det
economy<-case advmod det amod
loser<-cc cop conj advmod nsubj
chart<-cc conj dobj mark
wreck<-dobj mark
Salomon<-advmod
react<-cc conj advmod nmod nsubj
sum<-nsubj compound:prt dobj advcl
hyperventilating<-dep cop
standard<-case compound
promise<-cop acl:relcl det nmod
proper<-cop nsubj nmod mark
orbit<-case
only<-dep aux cop neg nsubj
coordinate<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj aux
avoid<-xcomp
end<-cop nsubj neg det nmod advcl
affiliate<-appos compound amod
periphery<-case det nmod
deliver<-aux nsubj neg mark
raise<-xcomp nsubj
overemphasize<-aux advmod iobj dobj nsubj
quote<-cop nmod:tmod nmod
manager<-cc dep conj nmod
run<-xcomp advmod mark
service<-case cc conj compound
lackluster<-cop mark
cheaper<-xcomp cop advmod nmod nsubj
twist<-det
want<-aux dobj nsubj
maintain<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
racial<-nmod:npmod cc conj
combination<-case
pride<-nmod
oil<-det
projection<-amod
message<-compound nmod:poss amod
call<-nsubj dobj nmod advmod mark
involve<-aux advmod nmod dobj
comprehension<-case nmod
commentary<-case nmod:poss amod
week<-appos nmod amod
dream<-nmod nsubj
motivate<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
plan<-xcomp nsubj advmod mark
danger<-dep det
opera<-dep det amod
limit<-acl:relcl det nmod
state<-acl amod
Kingdom<-det compound
talk<-compound:prt
default<-case compound acl:relcl amod
move<-cc advmod compound
involve<-dep dobj
Kavanagh<-appos acl:relcl compound
be<-nsubj ccomp
original<-case det amod
Illuminating<-case compound
bring<-compound:prt dobj advmod mark
bottleneck<-det nmod
like<-dobj mark
Roper<-nmod compound
growth<-cop nsubj cc advmod amod dep compound mark
agent<-compound det amod
approach<-nmod compound
purchase<-case nmod:poss compound
insurgent<-det compound
book<-amod det nmod det:predet
light<-nmod
range<-case
meeting<-case det det:predet
FHA<-case
part<-amod det nmod nsubj
billing<-case
size<-case nmod amod
Board<-case nmod
bid<-aux nsubj nmod advmod mark
edge<-acl det amod
push<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
check<-dep mark compound:prt cc conj dobj
help<-aux nsubj dobj advmod advcl
%<-case dep nummod det nmod amod
event<-case det amod
acceptance<-case det nmod
earn<-cc conj
arouse<-aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod
increase<-case det nmod compound
lineup<-case det nmod compound
visit<-case dep det nmod
Dyk<-compound
tabloid<-appos det
Bouillaire<-appos compound
bar<-case det nmod
245/8<-dep compound
yeast<-det compound
debt<-case appos det amod
battery<-case det
clause<-cc conj det amod
fund<-cc aux conj nmod nsubj
investigation<-case det compound
star<-case det compound
bash<-dep nsubj
attribute<-xcomp nsubj dobj advcl
expound<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass ccomp
number<-case det
stance<-nmod:poss compound
protest<-aux dobj nsubj
plunge<-nmod mark
Bauman<-appos compound
enable<-xcomp aux dobj nsubj
partner<-compound
monetarist<-cop nsubj det amod advcl
aim<-cc xcomp advmod nsubj
unit<-case appos nmod:poss amod
number<-compound det amod
weaken<-cc conj dobj nsubj
circulate<-dep nsubj nmod:tmod nmod mark
modestly<-nmod:npmod
protester<-case det
sue<-xcomp aux nsubj
feeling<-case amod
dine<-cop advmod advcl nsubj
3.51<-dep
trade<-dep advmod dobj nsubj
research<-compound amod
regulator<-case nummod
spur<-aux nsubj dobj advmod mark
marquee<-compound amod
Friday<-nummod nmod compound
Hutton<-cc cop conj compound
Plan<-case acl:relcl det compound
dwarf<-det
tip<-nsubj dobj mark
Committee<-case cc conj nmod:poss compound
restrict<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
expect<-cc dobj nsubj
facility<-case compound det amod
make<-mark
result<-nmod nsubj
mood<-det
reflect<-nmod nsubj
sell<-xcomp aux nsubj
conduct<-cop nsubj dep nmod cc conj
point<-xcomp nsubj nmod:tmod advcl
far<-aux nsubj ccomp advcl mark
loan<-case advmod compound
step<-dep dobj compound:prt
wrap<-advmod nmod:tmod compound:prt auxpass advcl aux
economy<-case compound acl:relcl amod
hand<-cop advmod
mortgage<-amod
fight<-amod
Aviacion<-compound
broker<-cc acl:relcl amod
report<-dep nmod:poss
stake<-case dep det compound
guarantee<-cc conj amod
shake<-advmod nsubj
arrival<-nsubj nmod mark
visit<-case det amod
endanger<-aux dobj iobj nsubj
start<-nsubj cc neg advmod dobj aux conj
charge<-cop det ccomp
borrow<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
stay<-xcomp aux nsubj
Hood<-nmod compound
session<-case det nmod amod
request<-aux nsubj dobj advcl
chief<-nmod
ready<-nmod nsubj
history<-case det nmod amod
customer<-case nmod
affidavit<-nsubj ccomp mark
cooperative<-dep compound det nmod amod
U.S.<-acl:relcl det
grocery<-case
leave<-dep det compound
line-up<-det nmod compound
president<-cc cop conj acl:relcl compound
United<-dep cc
replace<-dep nmod dobj
anything<-case nmod
landscape<-det nmod
financial<-case cc conj det nmod
struggle<-cop nmod
ruling<-nsubj nmod mark
decision<-case nummod det compound
promise<-case nmod:poss nmod
velocity<-dep nmod:poss compound
Bratislava<-case
diabetic<-case dep det
go<-aux compound:prt ccomp nsubj
aim<-det nmod
equivalent<-nmod:poss nmod
rapidement<-dep compound
stay<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
wine<-cc conj
vulnerable<-cop advmod det nmod mark
conversation<-compound
make<-dep advmod nmod dobj
trivia<-case compound
Gandhi<-cc conj compound
engine<-acl det amod
strike<-det nmod compound
send<-xcomp auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
travel<-nmod nsubj
charge<-advmod nmod dobj
purchaser<-det
consultant<-amod
we<-case dep conj cc
be<-aux nsubj ccomp advcl
worth<-dep aux cop nsubj advcl
Lavelle<-nmod compound
climb<-advmod mark
standing-room<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
strength<-case nmod:poss nmod
read<-aux nsubj
lottery<-case cop acl:relcl det
Thompson<-cc conj
6<-nmod:npmod
affiliate<-nummod compound appos amod
summon<-auxpass nmod:tmod nmod
live<-aux advmod nsubj neg mark
important<-cop nsubj
partnership<-acl:relcl det
history<-case cc conj det amod
spare<-aux nsubj mark
brand<-case appos nmod:poss amod
half<-det nmod
need<-nmod amod
overall<-advmod nmod
earlier<-case nmod:npmod
flame<-nummod
bid<-case cc conj det
count<-advcl mark
bear<-dep aux nmod nsubj
4<-dep compound
worse<-cop nsubj cc advmod nmod dep
budget<-compound det amod
match<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
begin<-nmod:tmod nmod
swap<-case det compound
workweek<-case det amod
slap<-case det nmod amod
word<-nummod amod
duo<-det
comprise<-cop nmod
sketch<-nsubj dobj advcl
label<-amod
hear<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
offer<-acl:relcl det compound
chance<-det nmod amod
cd<-case dep det nmod amod
not<-dep det
retain<-nsubj dobj nmod advcl
ban<-compound det acl:relcl amod
attention<-cop compound nmod nsubj
view<-nmod
effectively<-dep advmod nmod
alliance<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
match<-dobj nmod mark
meeting<-nummod nmod:poss
say<-det
confront<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
trail<-det nmod compound
plant<-dep compound
Ruettgers<-acl:relcl compound
win<-aux advcl nsubj
P&G<-case nmod
annuity<-amod
issue<-case acl:relcl det amod
fund<-case cc conj compound
simple<-case det nmod
intimidation<-case det
pillar<-advmod det nmod
maker<-case dep det nmod
deal<-ccomp nmod nsubj
sever<-nmod
seasoned<-advmod
Comex<-case det
advocate<-compound det amod
MGM/UA<-case cc conj
bounce<-advcl dobj
latter<-det
red<-case acl det acl:relcl compound
hit<-xcomp aux nsubj
margin<-nmod compound
sale<-acl:relcl amod
transfer<-aux cop nmod nsubj
4.55<-dep
pusher<-det compound
even<-dep nmod
apply<-nsubj advmod mark
one<-cc cop conj acl:relcl nmod
pull<-nmod
give<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
raider<-acl:relcl det amod
continue<-dep nmod dobj
group<-nummod acl:relcl det
charter<-det amod
hitch<-cc cop appos advmod
yield<-nsubj dobj mark
stem<-dep advmod nsubj
report<-aux advmod nmod dobj
575,000<-dep cop nmod nsubj
racial<-advcl nsubj dobj mark
274<-case advmod nmod:tmod
priority<-cop det amod
Gramm<-cc compound acl:relcl amod
generate<-nsubj cc neg dobj aux conj
security<-dep acl:relcl compound
rating<-case nmod
cab<-det
money<-case det nmod amod
delete<-appos
guard<-case det nmod
surprising<-cop ccomp nsubj
medicine<-nmod
t-bill<-cc conj
dictator<-case amod
1960<-case acl:relcl det amod
fertilize<-compound amod
conspiracy<-case appos
expert<-det compound
property<-case compound amod
devotion<-cc conj
back<-advcl dobj nsubj
discriminatory<-advmod
plunge<-aux nsubj dobj nmod ccomp
soar<-advcl dobj nsubj
understanding<-det nmod
gamble<-neg advmod
addict<-case
accept<-parataxis nsubj advmod ccomp advcl dobj
use<-dep aux cop nmod nsubj
begin<-advmod nmod mark
father<-dep nmod
subsidiary<-compound
join<-dep advmod nsubj
there<-cop nsubj
order<-cc conj nmod
customer<-appos det amod
system<-amod compound nsubj
sport<-case det nmod
official<-acl:relcl
call<-advcl nmod mark
continue<-xcomp aux conj cc nsubj
charge<-case compound det nmod amod
teaching<-case det nmod
realize<-nsubj cc advmod dobj aux conj
problem<-compound amod
high<-xcomp cop conj advmod cc
subcommitee<-det amod
reference<-det amod
%<-case nummod nmod:poss
try<-xcomp nmod:tmod nsubj
common<-dep cop nmod
harder<-xcomp cop nsubj cc advmod advcl
glamour<-cop det acl
laugh<-dep dobj nsubj
activist<-case det compound
transaction<-case advmod det nmod amod
send<-aux advmod nmod
shadow<-case det amod
speculation<-nmod
inventory<-case acl:relcl det nmod
intend<-xcomp nsubj nmod mark
grow<-nsubj dobj mark
distribute<-dobj
official<-xcomp
incompatible<-dep
rival<-cop nsubj cc advmod amod dep conj
slogan<-case compound
origin<-case amod
stretch<-cop nsubj dep det nmod amod aux
hurry<-case cop nsubj neg det acl
station<-case det amod
81<-case dep
advance<-advcl advmod mark
true<-dep cop nmod
name<-nsubj dep advmod nmod cc conj
exercise<-amod
710.5<-case
report<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
747-400s<-nummod compound
acquirer<-case det amod
standard<-nmod:poss amod
Corp.<-case nummod appos compound
complex<-cop ccomp
Toys<-case nmod:poss compound
prediction<-neg acl
recently<-advcl
influence<-neg dobj nmod mark
decline<-xcomp nmod
hamper<-dobj mark
guard<-xcomp
think<-dep dobj
MIT<-case
record-keeping<-cop dep det cc acl:relcl conj
time<-case det det:predet
control<-mark
leveraged<-dep
170<-case dep advmod
be<-aux nsubj dobj
rate<-case nummod det nmod
push<-case appos det amod
grow<-nmod advcl
artist<-case det compound
agency<-parataxis acl:relcl det nmod compound
edge<-nummod compound amod
implication<-nmod amod
target<-advmod det amod
start<-nsubj dobj nmod advcl
regulation<-dep det compound
thing<-nsubj det amod advcl aux mark
go<-xcomp nsubj nmod mark
borrow<-aux nsubj nmod neg mark
skyrocket<-dep nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
plunge<-case dep det nmod amod
end<-xcomp nsubj cc neg advmod aux
estimate<-case compound det amod
Party<-acl:relcl det compound
receipt<-case cc det nmod amod compound conj
market<-ccomp nsubj
aim<-xcomp auxpass
appetite<-det det:predet
undertake<-dep det
use<-xcomp dep conj nsubj
Baulieu<-compound
map<-case cc conj
grant<-cop nsubj cc neg acl aux conj
place<-det amod
resale<-case cc conj
reduction.then<-case amod
showcase<-case det nmod
manager<-nummod compound amod
2.62<-dep
10:30<-case advmod
Citicorp<-case cc conj
$<-cop dep nummod advmod mark compound aux
incident<-case nummod det
problem<-aux cop det nmod nsubj
become<-xcomp aux ccomp nmod nsubj
note<-case appos compound
foul<-advcl aux dobj nmod nsubj
Castillo<-appos compound
Environmentalism<-dep compound
pusher<-compound
candidate<-case acl:relcl det
run<-nsubj cc advmod nmod compound:prt conj
thank<-dep dobj
fantastic<-cop advmod nmod ccomp
soloist<-case nmod
hardliner<-cop amod det acl:relcl mark
version<-cop nsubj dep advmod det nmod amod aux
club<-advmod det compound
trial<-det amod
put<-cc auxpass conj nmod dobj
divergence<-det nmod amod
clear<-cc aux conj neg cop
concern<-case compound
lead<-dobj ccomp nsubj
sign<-nsubj dobj mark
lump<-nmod
Reno<-cc conj
release<-case dep nmod:tmod
question<-dobj nmod nsubj
award<-nsubj ccomp advmod mark
point<-advmod nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
japanese<-dep
label<-nsubj dobj
subject<-cop nmod nsubj
availability<-amod
free<-case
worry<-aux nmod neg
Krampe<-appos compound
town<-case det nmod compound
$<-cc dep nummod advmod conj
move<-case det compound
UAL<-case dep nmod
service<-cc conj compound
lose<-mark
placate<-dobj nmod mark
continue<-nsubj ccomp
inept<-cop
reinsurance<-case
seek<-xcomp mark
18,000<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
pull<-cc conj dobj compound:prt nsubj
complete<-cc conj nmod dobj
sector<-advmod det nmod amod
resilience<-nmod:poss amod
intrusive<-advmod
fact<-det amod
decrease<-dobj
effect<-case cc det nmod compound conj
buying<-case cc conj det nmod
reason<-nmod:poss acl
constrict<-dobj
problem<-cop nsubj det amod advcl aux
determine<-xcomp aux advmod
veto<-nsubj dobj
variety<-dep det nmod amod
yield<-case dep det nmod
surprising<-advmod
mystique<-case nmod:poss
have<-aux advcl ccomp mark
malpractice<-xcomp aux nsubj advmod advcl
preposterous<-cc advmod
monopoly<-amod
sideline<-case cop det nmod ccomp
next<-dep
crack<-cc conj dobj
application<-case compound
similarity<-case
agency<-case compound
Bias<-case cc conj
blame<-case det nmod compound
practice<-dobj mark
have<-cc xcomp ccomp nsubj
cut<-dep compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
birthday<-dep nmod:poss
Young<-case cc conj compound
redrawn<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
chairman<-cop compound nmod nsubj
misdeed<-case
breakdown<-case det nmod
twice<-advmod nmod
Entertainment<-cc conj acl:relcl
undo<-nsubj dobj mark
oust<-dobj nmod mark
drop-off<-compound
attend<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
Holdings<-case compound
damage<-cop nsubj dep advmod nmod dobj mark
15,000<-case dep nmod
faculty<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss amod
ipo<-case acl:relcl det
attract<-ccomp
Trust<-case appos compound
accord<-cop nmod amod
evolve<-advcl dobj
Alexander<-dep nmod compound
poke<-compound
allow<-xcomp neg
effect<-case det
circulation<-case compound
palamede<-det amod
we<-case advmod
confer<-dobj nmod nsubj
relate<-aux advcl neg nsubj
ballplayer<-det
object<-advcl nmod nsubj
another<-appos
rally<-case nmod:poss
vary<-dep aux nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
possible<-dep cop nsubj mark
farm<-nsubj ccomp mark
confiscate<-nmod dobj
fail<-xcomp nsubj advcl
cautious<-cop advmod ccomp mark
clinic<-det nmod amod
widespread<-advmod
lay<-aux compound:prt
mousetrap<-det amod
building<-det det:predet
make<-aux nmod:tmod nmod ccomp
acquire<-nmod nsubj
Lebanon<-case nmod
issue<-aux nsubj dobj advcl
biker<-det compound
herald<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
slip<-cop nmod nsubj
sort<-case det amod
discourage<-advmod dobj nmod mark
program<-case acl:relcl
company<-cop nsubj neg advmod det amod acl:relcl compound mark
peruse<-nmod dobj
day<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
competitor<-amod det det:predet
rear<-amod det compound
tower<-case appos compound nmod:poss amod
spark<-nmod mark
Metropolitan<-case
wide<-cc dep advmod
few<-ccomp
powerhouse<-case
lag<-dep dobj mark
geyser<-amod
buck<-dobj nmod nsubj
trade<-advmod dobj nsubj
wrestle<-advcl aux advmod nmod nsubj
falter<-nsubj nmod mark
crack<-case acl:relcl det
media<-dep compound det amod
roll<-det compound
through<-nmod
privatization<-det
convince<-advcl dobj mark
test<-case nummod amod
month<-dep nummod
aim<-nmod advcl
sense<-case cc cc:preconj det amod conj
credit<-cc conj
price<-amod compound
rip<-nsubj nmod:tmod nmod mark
chapter<-nummod
effort<-nmod compound
ghostly<-det
Broker<-compound
wait<-cc conj mark
lounge<-case acl:relcl det amod
recognize<-aux nsubj nmod neg dobj
Kemper<-dep
supply<-nmod:poss nmod
either<-case nmod
career<-dep amod
she<-cc conj
body<-det amod
declare<-ccomp nmod nsubj
curb<-cc conj dobj mark
pattern<-case compound det amod
teacher<-case cc conj
actually<-dep nsubj
walk<-dobj
violence<-case amod compound
continue<-xcomp aux nsubj neg mark
topic<-compound det amod
legislator<-nmod amod
call<-case cop nummod det nmod compound
import<-det amod
contrast<-dep det
enough<-cc cop xcomp neg nsubj
tendency<-advmod det compound
relationship<-nmod:poss acl
authority<-case det compound
hour<-dep amod
value<-acl:relcl advmod det nmod compound
copy<-advmod nmod mark auxpass nsubjpass aux
bridge<-case cc conj
follow<-dobj ccomp nmod:tmod nsubj
batch<-nmod:poss nmod amod
acknowledge<-ccomp mark
tie<-aux nmod nsubj
mind<-appos det amod
packaging<-case nmod:poss
pound<-nummod acl:relcl nmod
user<-case compound amod
walk<-xcomp aux nsubj advmod mark
formulum<-aux cop det acl nsubj
save<-cc auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
write<-parataxis mark
publisher<-compound
silly<-nmod
source<-cop amod det nmod nsubj
involve<-case nmod compound
23.50<-case dep
thrift<-case compound amod
quotation<-advcl cop nsubj nmod mark
put<-advcl aux dobj nmod nsubj
3090<-det amod
markets.but<-case amod
temporary<-cop nsubj cc neg mark aux conj
estimate<-nummod acl:relcl det nmod
guideline<-amod
c<-acl amod
1.5765<-case cop dep ccomp nsubj
track<-nmod:poss
hauler<-xcomp dobj
drop<-nmod:poss amod
do<-nsubj cc advmod nmod advcl conj
disease<-cop nsubj det nmod amod mark
health<-compound
guide<-dep det
report<-cop dep advcl det nmod amod compound
agree<-nsubj nmod advcl
set<-aux nsubj compound:prt dobj advcl
benefit<-aux nmod nsubj
sale<-case nmod amod
connect<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
recognition<-cop det ccomp
post<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
limit<-cop nsubj nmod mark
bill<-compound det acl amod
assassination<-case dep
important<-cc cop ccomp nsubj
pay<-aux advmod advcl dobj
complete<-cop nmod:tmod mark
allegation<-case nmod amod
jitters<-case amod
spike<-cop
loss<-appos nmod:poss amod
attention<-case dep det det:predet
ufo<-compound
blame<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
Wrap<-case compound
leave<-nsubj nmod advcl
oust<-advcl nmod dobj
judge<-case compound amod
article<-case dep det compound
volume<-case cc conj compound
flip<-compound:prt nmod mark
flavor<-amod
24<-case
pick<-xcomp aux
poll<-cc ccomp nsubj
fault<-case det
point<-xcomp nsubj mark
same<-cop nsubj cc advmod nmod conj
behave<-aux advmod advcl nsubj
Linsert<-acl:relcl compound
pilot<-case nummod det compound
need<-xcomp aux nsubj nmod mark
regulation<-case cc conj
Nabisco<-compound
loyalty<-det amod
weak<-cop advmod ccomp nsubj
rise<-nsubj ccomp mark
trigger<-nmod dobj
June<-case cop nummod advcl
solve<-aux nsubj dobj neg advcl
Alderson<-appos compound
be<-dep cc conj ccomp nsubj
restructuring<-case det amod
volume<-nmod:poss compound
Japan<-case advmod
write<-xcomp nsubj
field<-cop compound det nmod amod
impossible<-xcomp
spray<-det compound
715<-dep nmod compound
sprout<-aux advmod nsubj
arouse<-aux dobj compound:prt nmod nsubj
group<-cop acl:relcl nmod compound
permit<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
search<-case cc det nmod compound conj
watch<-aux compound:prt nmod nsubj
value<-case cc conj nmod:poss amod
area<-compound
start<-cc xcomp conj nmod dobj
Robinson<-case nmod compound
UFO<-case nummod nmod
warn<-dobj ccomp nmod nsubj
Korea<-case compound amod
son<-dep nummod
take<-dep compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
now<-cop nmod nsubj
maintain<-mark ccomp nsubj
save<-nmod dobj
5,900<-case
charter<-advmod
run<-dep cc conj advcl dobj
feed<-parataxis dobj nmod nsubj
prevent<-aux dobj neg nsubj
thing<-compound
come<-aux advmod neg nsubj
distribute<-dobj advmod mark
Robertson<-nmod compound
demonstrate<-cc conj nmod advcl
campaign<-nmod:poss nmod
Ciavarella<-compound
Kass<-compound
8<-case dep advmod acl:relcl amod
justice<-det
field<-case compound det amod
sale<-acl:relcl det nmod
taxpayer<-case nmod
treatment.but<-acl:relcl det amod
Pitman<-appos compound
plan<-acl:relcl
Army<-case nmod:poss compound
repudiation<-case det nmod amod
store<-nsubj dobj nmod advmod mark
Specialized<-case
nationalization<-case det nmod amod
come<-aux nsubj nmod advmod advcl
demand<-case compound det nmod amod
return<-aux nmod
close<-ccomp
automobile<-case
pass<-nsubj cc compound:prt advcl conj dobj
outsell<-dobj
view<-det det:predet
first<-case det amod
discard<-case compound
offer<-nsubj dep nmod cc aux conj
evidence<-cop cc neg advmod amod dep
rub<-dobj iobj nsubj
reporter<-case det amod
understand<-aux nsubj ccomp neg mark
let<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
assume<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
buy-back<-case det nmod compound
fever<-case compound det amod
explain<-advcl nmod mark
heavily<-nmod
seal<-det
operation<-case cc conj compound
tell<-ccomp csubj mark
monitor<-aux advcl nsubj
fall<-case cc advmod det
Calif.<-appos
grower<-det
hide<-dobj mark
have<-xcomp cc conj nsubj mark
Cetus<-dep
news<-advmod det nmod amod
tradition<-case appos
condom<-cc det amod
vulnerable<-cop
Rice<-compound
retain<-nsubj advmod dobj mark
conflict<-det nmod
clang<-compound:prt nmod mark
realize<-ccomp nmod nsubj
half-hour<-det nmod
replace<-xcomp advmod nmod dobj
mixed<-aux cop advmod nsubj
harbor<-compound nmod:poss amod
Energy<-case compound
maybe<-dep
Kemp<-cc conj nmod:poss compound
run<-nmod:tmod nmod mark
other<-case cc conj det
pay<-case
leave<-cc conj dobj
try<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
remain<-dep xcomp
lead<-advcl dobj
talk<-dobj mark
Mesa<-case
carrier<-case cc conj compound
lack<-cop det nmod
rise<-aux advcl nsubj
version<-cop nummod advmod nmod
keep<-dep xcomp mark nsubj
average<-det nmod compound
sponsor<-cop dep det nmod amod compound mark
researcher<-appos det compound
better<-cop nmod
proposal<-compound advmod amod
winner<-cop mark
Hawaii<-case cc conj
rise<-dep cop nmod nsubj
shake<-cop nsubj
daughter<-advmod nsubj
study.but<-case det compound
crash<-nummod det
scale<-case nmod:poss compound
give<-compound:prt iobj dobj mark
break<-dobj compound:prt
go<-compound:prt nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
bullish<-cc conj
trail<-advmod compound:prt auxpass nsubjpass aux mark
train<-case compound nmod amod
appeal<-case amod
Emeryville<-dep
end<-dep compound det acl:relcl amod
affiliation<-compound
tract<-case det amod
drape<-dobj nmod mark
assure<-dobj iobj mark
thief<-cc conj det
security<-case acl:relcl nmod amod
acre<-case dep advmod
rebuff<-auxpass nmod
seconds<-nummod
drop<-case nmod compound
lower<-cc conj advmod nmod
put<-cc conj compound:prt dobj mark
effectively<-advmod
Avdel<-case
vulnerable<-advmod nmod
Hilger<-nmod:poss compound
somebody<-case
bring<-aux nsubj dobj advcl
4.65<-case dep
Reviglio<-appos compound
propel<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
acquirer<-nmod amod
forecast<-aux nsubj mark
mathematician<-acl:relcl det amod
fit<-nmod compound
1961<-case
form<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
lack<-case advmod det nmod
Endowment<-case det compound
Fargo<-cc appos nmod dep compound conj
perfection<-case det nmod amod
hear<-nsubj ccomp mark
level<-compound acl:relcl nsubj
enjoy<-xcomp advmod
care<-nsubj cc neg advmod ccomp advcl aux conj
gain<-dep aux advmod nsubj
stirring<-det amod
descend<-advmod nmod nsubj
survive<-dobj nmod mark
ease<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
chord<-compound amod
Ortega<-cc conj compound
Organization<-det nmod compound
absolve<-nsubj dobj mark
outstanding<-advcl
doubt<-nsubj
Negas<-appos compound
need<-det nmod compound
disappointment<-cop nsubj det nmod amod acl:relcl mark
component<-case det
copy<-det nmod amod
build<-advcl mark
digest<-advmod
bout<-det nmod amod
value<-cop advmod nsubj nmod mark
disorder<-case nmod
drag<-nmod dobj
myth<-case amod
devalue<-cop nsubj cc neg nmod mark advcl conj
announcement<-dep det nmod
945/32<-case cop nsubj cc advmod conj
work<-case cc conj nmod
seed<-case dep det
fact<-compound
gainer<-case dep det compound
Democrats<-case advmod compound
digest<-nsubj dobj mark
receipt<-compound det nmod amod
attempt<-acl:relcl det compound
dawn<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
Risley<-compound
bring<-cc aux dobj nmod nsubj
represent<-cc conj dobj nsubj
unsettlement<-case
maitre<-det
internationalist<-advmod
run<-advcl nmod nsubj
match<-case
Cathcart<-compound amod
touchy<-dep advmod
stay<-dobj nsubj
money-transfer<-cc conj
FT-SE<-nummod advmod det
producer<-case det
visitor<-nmod
decliner<-dep nmod
Dell<-case compound
convertible<-nmod:npmod
bench<-case amod
paint<-dep mark dobj nmod nsubj
tempo<-dep nmod:poss
charge<-case cop conj cc nmod
early<-xcomp cop dep advmod nsubj
overstate<-dobj nmod mark
Co.<-appos acl:relcl compound
just<-dep cop advmod
Operations<-case
resume<-xcomp advcl mark
underlie<-dep dobj nsubj
company<-case det acl
left<-case det amod
modify<-aux ccomp neg nsubj
outfit<-dep amod
showroom<-cop appos nmod:poss nmod amod
Index<-advmod det compound
reject<-xcomp advcl nsubj
credit<-case nmod compound
serve<-advmod dobj
hardware<-case amod
pachinko<-case
entity<-compound
front-runner<-nsubj advmod dobj mark
objective<-acl nsubj
conduct<-advcl dobj
guarantee<-cop nsubj cc neg det ccomp
constituent<-nmod:poss
cycle<-det nmod
acquire<-cop det nmod
concerned<-cop advmod ccomp nsubj
CD<-case cc conj
economist<-case det nmod
fame<-case
bit<-cop det nmod
mature<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
justify<-mark
sport<-nmod amod
defenseless<-cop nmod
motivate<-auxpass nmod ccomp
NASAA<-case
Wellington<-dep
attract<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
tailor<-compound amod
response<-case det
rebut<-dobj mark
cool<-advcl nsubj compound:prt mark
rival<-acl nmod:poss amod
get<-aux nsubj ccomp neg mark
person<-cop nsubj neg det amod advcl acl
CenTrust<-cc acl:relcl
see<-aux nmod neg nsubj
ally<-cop nsubj det nmod amod advcl aux
trading<-dep
go<-xcomp cc conj
promise<-case nmod:poss acl
presentations.others<-case
exotic<-cop ccomp mark
machinist<-case nmod:poss amod
warden<-nummod compound
171/4<-dep compound
part<-cop nsubj det nmod amod mark
say<-cc conj ccomp dobj nsubj
Bangkok<-case cc conj
giant<-nmod amod
blunder<-compound
inventory<-nmod
damage<-cc cop conj
acre<-cop nsubj dep nummod det nmod mark
look<-aux nmod
play<-advcl nsubj compound:prt mark
one-half<-cop amod nmod nsubj
491.10<-case cop dep advmod
review<-aux nsubj dobj mark
foreclosure<-ccomp
burn<-compound
mental<-cc conj
Stamford<-case
empire<-case nmod:poss compound
strategist<-nmod amod
same<-cc conj
monastery<-cc conj compound det amod
weaken<-aux nsubj dobj advcl mark
month<-dep det ccomp
go<-compound:prt nmod advmod nsubj
admit<-ccomp
asset<-dep det
declare<-ccomp mark
projection<-nmod:poss
shah<-det nmod
trap<-nsubj
nine<-case dep nummod
Bonn<-case
send<-cc aux conj nmod mark
have<-dep nsubj ccomp
district/state<-case nmod:poss amod
phase<-advmod nmod:tmod nmod compound:prt auxpass nsubjpass aux
turn<-advmod nmod
finance<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
play<-case det compound
be<-parataxis neg nsubj
disarm<-advmod mark
close<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
Goldberg<-dep compound
b-2<-case det
attempt<-dep amod
make<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj
comparable<-advcl
supply<-det compound
(<-nsubj cc advmod nmod:tmod dobj conj ccomp
tell<-ccomp nsubj dobj nmod mark
relax<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
optimistic<-cop advmod nmod
understate<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
leader<-nummod compound amod
state<-nmod
shield<-dobj
participation<-nmod nsubj
product<-case acl:relcl det
%<-case dep det compound
temple<-dep cc conj nsubj
scenario<-cop nsubj neg det acl:relcl compound
convert<-xcomp nsubj
supporter<-cop nummod compound
range<-dep xcomp advmod nmod
cede<-advmod dobj
order<-case acl:relcl det
return<-aux nsubj nmod advmod mark
administer<-aux auxpass nmod
change<-aux advcl
Shook<-advmod dobj nsubj
service<-case appos compound
cycle<-dep det amod
inform<-xcomp parataxis nmod nsubj
catch<-nmod
unseated<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
chair<-case det amod
court<-dobj mark
Aloe<-appos compound
have<-parataxis advmod ccomp nsubj
out<-advcl
tighten<-xcomp mark
win<-compound nmod amod
cocoa<-compound det amod
estimate<-dep nmod amod
compare<-advcl csubj mark
volunteer<-cc conj
affair<-dep det compound
gon<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
dictator<-compound
dividend<-det compound
brief<-nmod:poss
transaction<-case amod
suggest<-advcl advmod nsubj
4.10<-dep
gain<-dep amod det compound
notion<-case acl:relcl det amod
generate<-advcl aux dobj nmod nsubj
tell<-aux dobj ccomp neg nsubj
recover<-dobj nmod nsubj
raise<-aux nsubj ccomp neg mark
pilot<-case cc conj nmod:poss
enter<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
initiate<-nsubj cc dobj dep aux conj mark
Dutch<-det
camp<-nsubj mark
mature<-dep advmod nmod:tmod nmod
source<-advmod det nmod
point<-cop amod det nsubj
stop<-dep aux dobj advcl nsubj
example<-det
cast<-dobj mark
realize<-nsubj ccomp mark
hurricane<-case cc conj det appos
road<-nmod:poss amod
trader<-case cop nsubj amod acl:relcl dobj
conviction<-case nmod:poss nmod
HEI<-case acl:relcl
see<-parataxis nsubj dobj nmod mark
examine<-dobj
kill<-nmod:tmod nmod
get<-aux nmod
smoke<-det
technology<-case advmod nmod:poss
live<-nsubj nmod mark
day<-nummod compound
Transportation<-case compound
damage<-det nmod ccomp
doom<-xcomp
sign<-cop nsubj det nmod mark
appendage<-nummod nmod amod
Appleseeds<-compound amod
gross<-dep dobj
9721/32<-case aux cop advmod nsubj
grow<-advmod nmod
spark<-aux nsubj dobj mark
fear<-cc conj nmod
change<-case compound amod
explain<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
remove<-nmod dobj
unit<-cc conj amod
payment<-case cop nsubj neg mark compound
play<-case appos nmod:poss compound
district<-case det nmod
labor<-det amod
procedure<-dep nmod:poss
combine<-ccomp
degree<-det nmod
party<-case cc conj cc:preconj det
lower<-ccomp mark
outline<-nmod nsubj
charity<-case cc det nmod amod conj
processor<-compound
find<-cc dobj nmod nsubj
pressure<-dep cop advmod nmod
end<-case dep appos det compound
harangue<-amod
Pierce<-case compound
donate<-aux nsubj advmod nmod ccomp
testing<-det amod
adventure<-case cc conj
direction<-case nmod amod
offer<-nsubj ccomp advcl
sit<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
employee<-case nmod compound
request<-dobj
contrast<-case appos
S.C.<-nmod compound
bond<-nmod
gasoline<-cc conj compound amod
eliminate<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
Tokyo<-case cc conj
flee<-advmod dobj nsubj
opinion<-case det amod
furniture<-case cc conj amod
client<-case acl:relcl
age<-case nummod det
combine<-ccomp mark
shed<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
step<-cc conj nmod
discover<-parataxis xcomp ccomp nsubj
sing.so<-cc aux ccomp neg nsubj
system<-case acl:relcl det amod
effectiveness<-case
sell<-parataxis advcl dobj mark
watch<-case nmod:poss
life<-dep cc conj
look<-cc aux conj advmod nmod
wrestle<-dep nmod nsubj
post<-nmod:poss amod
dismantle<-xcomp dobj
do<-ccomp nmod mark
trading<-det compound
takeover<-det compound
activist<-case nmod
outside<-case nummod nmod compound
road<-cc conj
handicap<-case cc conj det amod
ask<-advcl mark
outlet<-case nummod amod
complain<-advmod nsubj nmod mark
increase<-det det:predet
Bloc<-case det compound
company<-case cc conj nmod:poss amod
series<-case acl:relcl det nmod
pull<-aux nmod
drop<-amod
be<-nsubj advmod nmod expl
switch<-xcomp aux nsubj advcl
bill<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
209,000<-case nmod
raise<-dep nsubj iobj dobj mark
one<-case acl
Pascutto<-amod acl:relcl compound
consider<-aux nsubj ccomp advcl
points.Stunned<-nsubj nmod ccomp
take<-aux advmod nmod
withdrawal<-case det compound
business<-case cc conj det amod
possibility<-det amod
uprising<-case nummod det amod
insurer<-case acl:relcl
record<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
oil<-nmod compound
stock<-case nummod nmod
gun<-dep
withdrawal<-case det
rush<-case amod
copper<-case acl:relcl compound
issue<-nummod nmod:poss compound
weakness<-cc conj amod
require<-dep dobj nsubj
make<-xcomp aux nsubj advcl
talk<-advcl nmod mark
end<-xcomp
most<-det nmod
fail<-cc xcomp advmod
feel<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
Sherren<-case appos compound
express<-nmod ccomp
night<-advmod nmod amod
easy<-cop advmod advcl
make<-advmod nmod dobj
deliver<-xcomp aux nsubj
revamp<-parataxis advmod dobj nsubj
struggle<-case acl:relcl det
Alexander<-cc conj
accompany<-aux dobj
take<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
diamond<-case
scheme<-case det
Chase<-cc conj
management<-case nmod
Stanza<-det
lead<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
export<-dep xcomp
Warhol<-case compound det amod
production<-case acl compound
disproportionate<-advmod
statement<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
Leipzig<-appos
walk<-advcl advmod compound:prt nmod nsubj
privilege<-case det
growth<-acl
bill<-acl det amod
NatWest<-case cc conj
government<-advmod det
infested<-advmod
give<-dep nsubj iobj dobj
lose<-ccomp advmod dobj nsubj
have<-advcl dobj ccomp nsubj
damage<-case det nmod
minority<-nmod amod
spending<-case acl:relcl compound
rate<-dep det amod
extend<-cc aux conj advmod
shock<-xcomp cop
worry<-aux nsubj ccomp mark
calculate<-auxpass nmod advcl
Clements<-compound
point<-compound amod
charge<-nummod
make<-nmod:tmod mark
reduce<-dep ccomp
9.625<-case dep
pale<-dep
purchase<-dep det
seductive<-advmod
dependent<-advcl aux cop advmod nsubj
lawyer<-cc conj nmod:poss
drilling<-case
percentage<-case dep det amod
avoid<-aux nsubj dobj advcl mark
50<-cc conj
mile<-case nmod
acclaim<-dobj mark
compromise<-case acl:relcl det
devote<-nsubj nmod mark
carrier<-dep det
variety<-case nummod det
buoy<-nmod
move<-advmod amod
cable<-amod
late<-cc cop conj nmod
Cranston<-cc conj compound
tooling<-case cc conj nmod compound
choose<-xcomp advmod
survey<-case dep compound
Bebear<-compound
bible<-dep cop advmod det nmod
bull<-auxpass advmod nmod
spending<-nmod:poss
study<-cop appos nsubj advmod advcl
sacrifice<-dobj
associate<-xcomp nsubj
far<-cop nsubj nmod mark
U.Cal-Davis<-case det
call<-advcl advmod nmod nsubj
design<-case acl:relcl det
regret<-neg acl
appoint<-advmod
$<-cop nummod nmod:tmod nmod
jobless<-advmod nmod
necessary<-nmod
Services<-case cc conj compound
coverage<-case nmod compound
sucker<-cop nsubj
close<-xcomp cop conj cc nsubj
protester<-det compound
cut<-dep nsubj nmod dobj
track<-case det nmod compound
say<-nmod ccomp
mail<-cop nsubj cc advcl aux conj
return<-case cc conj nmod
output<-nmod:poss nmod
expect<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
much<-cc conj advmod
work<-parataxis nmod nsubj
winnowing<-det
220,000<-case dep
arrangement<-compound det amod
propose<-dobj
467.22<-case advmod
lock<-det amod
fare<-cc conj advmod mark
Bay<-compound
limit<-det nmod
Coniston<-cc conj
Korea<-dep compound
69<-case advmod
staple<-amod
66<-dep compound
do<-dep aux xcomp nsubj
Bloomingdale<-case acl:relcl
palladium<-dep compound
problem<-compound det amod
shoe<-dep amod
log<-cc conj compound
Mills<-dep compound
incorrect<-cop nsubj mark
employee<-cc neg conj
Pratt<-appos compound
vision<-case det nmod compound
ability<-cc conj
employee<-case nmod:poss nmod
exempt<-dobj ccomp nmod mark
London<-case appos
opine<-case dep
CreditWatch<-case nmod
Skinner<-dep
Calgary<-case
mention<-cc advmod dobj nsubj
offer<-cc conj advmod dobj
Mississippi<-case det
stuff<-det
put<-case advmod
bother<-dobj mark
review<-det
user<-case nmod amod
meadow<-case amod
reopen<-nmod:tmod nmod mark
bargain-hunter<-appos
divide<-advmod ccomp nsubj
trade<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
need<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
Stevens<-nmod compound
rugged<-cop advmod ccomp
continue<-cc aux conj advmod nsubj
pick<-parataxis compound:prt dobj mark
Circus<-det compound
verdict<-det nmod amod
manage<-xcomp nsubj cc advmod dobj dep conj
be<-nsubj nmod:tmod nmod expl
procedure<-case nmod compound
trouble<-nmod:poss amod
leap<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
have<-dep aux nsubj advmod dobj
operate<-advcl dobj
number<-dep det
bleed<-nmod mark
government<-dep nmod:poss
8,880<-case dep nmod:tmod
majority<-cc det nmod
WCRS<-cc conj
extraordinary<-cop ccomp
record<-nmod:poss
element<-dep det nmod amod
check<-xcomp nsubj
N.J.<-compound
strategy<-dep nmod:poss amod
Mae<-dep compound
keep<-ccomp
evidence<-cop advmod det acl amod
begin<-aux dobj advmod nsubj
legislature<-case nmod:poss
base<-case neg amod
regard<-nsubj dobj nmod advmod mark
price<-aux cop nmod nsubj
Rail<-compound
chance<-cop ccomp det amod
part<-cop acl:relcl nmod mark
Airport<-appos
unlikely<-advmod
placing<-det nmod
people<-cc conj det amod
Giguiere<-case compound
swing<-case det amod
draw<-aux compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
mount<-nsubj mark
ease<-dep dobj nsubj
refinery<-case det acl
unborn<-appos det
loss<-cop amod nmod nsubj
assault<-case det nmod amod
1.5775<-case dep nmod
sell-off<-acl:relcl det amod
recommend<-dep nsubj
estimate<-advmod nmod
expertise<-neg nmod amod
Crosby<-appos compound
touch<-dobj mark
exchange<-case acl det amod
distance<-aux dobj nmod mark
measure<-advmod dobj mark
viewer<-det
effect<-nummod compound amod
inspect<-cc conj nsubj dobj mark
litigation<-amod
stabilize<-advmod ccomp nsubj
21.125<-case dep
shipment<-det
limit<-case det
earnest<-case
japanese<-cc dep ccomp
get<-aux dobj advmod nsubj
Detroit<-case cop conj cc nsubj
overrun<-case nmod compound
official<-case appos det
account<-case det nmod compound
rise<-nsubj dobj nmod:tmod mark
disaffection<-amod
extensive<-cop advmod advcl nsubj
bother<-advmod nmod:tmod dobj
low<-cop advmod nsubj
promise<-xcomp aux nsubj
sure<-cop ccomp neg nmod nsubj
repression<-case cc conj amod
handle<-dobj
slump<-nmod compound
bind<-xcomp auxpass
peach<-cc conj
conflict<-case appos compound amod
distort<-advmod ccomp mark
same<-cop nsubj advmod det nmod mark
offer<-cc conj det compound
volatility<-case det nmod amod
languish<-auxpass ccomp nsubjpass nmod mark
minute<-dep nummod
Par<-cc conj
violation<-nmod amod
use<-cc advmod nmod dobj
%<-aux nummod cop nsubj
sheet<-det
be<-xcomp nsubj expl
Chestman<-cc conj cc:preconj compound
illustrate<-dep acl:relcl nmod:poss nmod amod
37<-cop nsubj cc appos nmod conj
one<-cc cop advmod nmod nsubj
benefit<-cc nsubj advmod advcl
quote<-det
it.In<-nmod:tmod
Merkur<-nmod
raid<-dep dobj mark
egad.canada<-case
appointment<-compound amod
dig<-advmod
disaster<-case cc conj det nmod
employee<-cc conj det
manage<-nmod nsubj
aspect<-dep det amod
manage<-xcomp nmod nsubj
concentration<-case cc conj det nmod
discipline<-cop nmod
be?he<-aux dobj nsubj
Knight<-compound
make<-xcomp ccomp csubj mark
develop<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
punch<-advmod mark
House<-case cc det amod compound conj
buy<-xcomp nsubj nmod compound:prt aux dobj
bureaucrat<-case nummod
guide<-det nmod amod
Indian<-det amod
rid<-xcomp
issuance<-nmod
stand<-advcl nmod nsubj
Disney<-nmod
raise<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj iobj aux
switch<-advmod nmod nsubj
worsen<-advmod dobj
find<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
gun<-compound
engine<-cop acl:relcl det
minicar<-compound nmod:poss amod
accord<-case det nmod
allege<-dobj mark
need<-cop nsubj acl nmod mark
convert<-advcl dobj mark
starter<-case
Will<-cc conj nmod:poss appos compound
advertise<-cc conj nmod
visit<-det amod
investor<-case nummod acl:relcl det
bank<-case nmod amod
148<-dep
hope<-advmod ccomp nsubj
one<-cop nmod advcl
motivation<-det nmod
lose<-nsubj dobj advcl
pardon<-det nmod
declare<-xcomp
revive<-advmod
scrap<-mark
recapitalization<-cc conj det
operating<-det compound
he<-case dep appos
Third<-cc conj
candor<-amod
put<-advmod ccomp
chair<-dep cc det
serve<-aux nmod
reassure<-cc conj dobj nsubj
house<-case det nmod amod
Lama<-case det compound
appal<-cop ccomp
King<-case det compound
painting<-nmod amod
pamper<-dobj nsubj
kind<-case acl:relcl nmod amod
bottom<-det
pound<-case acl:relcl det
15,000<-dep compound
fragile<-cc cop conj dobj
anything<-dep
use<-xcomp nsubj advcl
tenet<-case appos nmod:poss amod
oust<-ccomp
restore<-cc conj dobj
oats<-case
sag<-nmod
compare<-xcomp nmod dobj
earlier.the<-acl:relcl det compound
engine<-compound det amod
term<-case compound det amod
marvelous<-advmod
position<-case cop nsubj det xcomp amod mark
receipt<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
crucial<-cop ccomp nsubj
proposal<-compound det nmod amod
employ<-nmod
pessimist<-acl:relcl
flow<-case det amod
warn<-nsubj ccomp advcl
gather<-dobj nsubj
striking<-dep
market<-case cop nsubj det nmod acl:relcl compound
politician<-case nmod compound
punishment<-amod
copy<-det
say<-aux advcl neg nsubj
part<-aux nsubj nmod mark
stroke<-dobj nsubj
reduce<-dep dobj mark
Taber<-amod nmod compound
mood<-case det amod
trade<-cop advmod nmod mark
musician<-det
disguise<-amod
see<-cc conj advmod ccomp nsubj
stroll<-dobj mark
tailor-made<-cop nmod
recover<-nmod mark
wave<-det nmod compound
cure<-amod
force<-cc conj nmod:poss compound
learn<-dobj
judgment<-det
know<-cc nmod nsubj
cost<-ccomp nmod nsubj
rejoin<-xcomp nsubj cc dobj dep conj
(<-dep compound amod
Sochaux<-case dep
bank<-advmod
clue<-det
massage<-dep cc conj dobj nsubj
excellent<-cop mark
lead<-cc dep advmod
prize<-case acl:relcl
proliferation<-det nmod
Crowe<-appos compound
episode<-nmod:poss nmod
pay<-aux ccomp nsubj
embarrassment<-case det acl
point<-case det amod
%<-cop nummod det amod
listen<-advcl nsubj
cause<-cop nsubj neg det nmod mark advcl aux
park<-case cc conj det compound
launch<-nsubj dobj mark
face<-nmod dobj
defraud<-cop
control<-case dep conj cc
green<-nmod nsubj
circuit<-amod
book<-nsubj
minute<-case
CBS<-cc acl:relcl
headline<-det det:predet
Oakes<-compound
impose<-dobj nmod nsubj
fatal<-cc cop conj advmod nsubj
estimate<-case acl:relcl compound
Delicious<-compound nsubj
streamlining<-det nmod amod
desk.it<-cop advmod mark
work<-advcl nsubj compound:prt dobj mark
resource<-nmod nsubj
permit<-nsubj nmod dobj advcl aux mark
activity<-cc conj amod
Solidarity<-case
detail<-det
free<-xcomp cop nsubj
spend<-nmod dobj
store<-dep compound amod
chain<-case advmod det compound
Fowler<-appos compound
treaty<-det nmod amod
career<-acl:relcl nsubj
sink<-advmod
lane<-case nummod
trouble<-det amod
Patients<-nmod
double-decking<-case
tough<-xcomp cop advmod nsubj
artery<-compound det amod
Rico<-dep compound
fuel<-case cc conj
steroid<-case
Hancock<-appos compound
Whitelock<-case compound
gain<-dep advcl dobj mark
2,050<-advmod
improperly<-case
erode<-advcl advmod mark
scorn<-dobj mark
disservice<-acl:relcl det amod
seize<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
force<-aux compound:prt ccomp nmod nsubj
result<-cop nsubj advmod det nmod mark
fall<-cc conj advmod nmod
attorney<-cc dep nmod
advocate<-cop nsubj cc advmod acl dep conj amod
)<-nmod compound
follow<-case det nmod amod
decline<-nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
dispose<-nmod:tmod nmod
favor<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
vodka<-case compound
patience<-case
pimp<-det
alien<-acl:relcl amod
accompany<-nmod nsubj
event<-case appos compound amod
shop<-cop cc nmod dobj conj mark
win<-dep cop det compound
Libor<-case
price<-case acl compound
brew<-dobj mark
reduce<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
vision<-case nmod
destroy<-advmod
hand<-dep nmod
movement<-dep compound
35<-case cc conj
Charles<-case appos compound
penalty<-amod
fourth<-dep nmod
district<-acl:relcl
german<-case amod
Amsterdam<-case cc conj
toilet<-acl:relcl det
bring<-advcl compound:prt dobj
make<-cc advcl conj compound:prt mark
Resort<-compound
last<-dep cop det
guarantee<-compound det amod
competition<-det amod
stabilize<-dep dobj nsubj
fund<-dobj nmod mark
learn<-cc ccomp nmod nsubj
competition<-case det nmod amod
Rather<-compound
brief<-cop nsubj cc mark aux conj
speed<-compound:prt dobj mark
do<-dobj nsubj cc ccomp aux compound:prt
sense<-cc nmod nsubj
hazard<-cop nsubj cc det compound conj
high<-aux nsubj advmod nmod cop
evacuate<-cop
hope<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
Kryuchkov<-dep compound
let<-aux dobj
extend<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod mark
appreciation<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
win<-nmod:tmod nmod mark
typical<-nmod
turnover<-case dep amod
copy<-cop advmod det nmod compound
dinner<-ccomp nsubj
distinct<-dep cc conj
flash<-cc parataxis conj nmod nsubj
quite<-nmod ccomp
staff<-case dep conj cc
ambassador<-compound nmod amod
deter<-aux dobj neg nsubj
constitute<-nsubj dobj advcl
revenue<-case compound amod
race<-case compound
put<-xcomp dobj mark
policy<-case nmod:poss compound
fall<-det nmod amod
idle<-advmod dobj
become<-xcomp auxpass nmod
Research<-case appos compound
box<-det amod
send<-nmod
faction<-case det amod
recognition<-acl:relcl det compound
latest<-case det nmod
problem<-cc conj compound amod
shy<-nsubj advmod nmod compound:prt aux mark
sound<-advmod nmod nsubj
personnel<-cc conj
price<-acl:relcl amod
net<-dep det compound
see<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
Japan<-case appos
offer<-dep dobj nmod mark
receive<-nsubj dobj advcl
copying<-nmod compound
fund<-dobj
fare<-advmod dobj nsubj
840,000<-nmod:npmod nmod
thing<-case det det:predet
really<-ccomp nsubj
attack<-nmod
student<-dep amod
exception<-case nmod
window<-case compound det amod
inventory<-case compound amod
flow<-nsubj dobj mark
comptroller<-case cc conj
letter<-case nmod amod
advocate<-amod
order<-nsubj ccomp mark
three<-case cc conj det amod
contract<-case amod nmod:poss compound
go<-xcomp advmod nmod mark
test<-compound det amod
seek<-cc xcomp nmod nsubj
spend<-xcomp dobj mark
325.50<-case
create<-aux advmod nmod
continue<-cc aux nmod:tmod neg nsubj
practitioner<-case det nmod
packaging<-nmod amod
revise<-auxpass nmod
president<-case cc det nmod compound conj
have<-parataxis dobj advmod nsubj
have<-cc nsubj advmod dobj advcl
rock<-cc conj det amod
auction<-aux dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
training<-case det nmod
gain<-dep compound amod
broker<-appos det
lookout<-case cop det nmod mark
he<-det
influx<-cop cc det nmod amod expl aux conj
Cable<-compound
match<-case compound det nmod amod
army<-nmod:poss amod
ever<-case cc conj
steel<-compound acl:relcl amod
downturn<-det nmod
newspaper<-acl:relcl nmod
method<-det nmod
activities.therefore<-case amod
country<-case cc conj det
reserve<-compound det amod
letter<-compound
result<-aux advcl nsubj
package<-cop nmod nsubj
volcano<-det nmod
Chandler<-case
inevitable<-cop nsubj cc neg mark conj
empire<-det amod
2018<-case
litigation<-cc conj
pause<-xcomp nsubj
expect<-advcl nsubj dobj mark
transport<-dobj advmod mark
plenty<-advmod nmod
stretch<-dep xcomp auxpass advmod
proclaim<-advmod ccomp nsubj
experience<-ccomp nsubj
Initiative<-case det compound
news<-case compound
questionable<-cop nsubj
handout<-case det
swap<-case cc conj compound
1932<-case
breakdown<-cc conj compound
house<-dep amod
Merc<-case det
eliminate<-advcl aux advmod nmod nsubj
sign<-dep
fewer<-xcomp cop advmod nmod advcl
Webster<-dep advmod compound
staff<-case cc conj nmod
put<-cc nsubj nmod advcl
other<-amod
modification<-advmod det
carry<-advcl
recognize<-advmod ccomp nsubj
threaten<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass advcl
rooms.teens<-aux compound cop acl:relcl nsubj
give<-aux dobj iobj neg
artist<-dep compound
give<-parataxis nsubj cc compound:prt aux conj dobj
cosmetic<-case nmod
puny<-advmod
resume<-advcl dobj mark
proposal<-advmod det
interconnect<-dobj mark
fracture<-iobj dobj
remain<-advcl mark
$<-cc cop nummod conj nmod
interpret<-advmod dobj
temptation<-det nmod amod
thread<-det nmod
unlikely<-ccomp
jet<-case appos nmod:poss amod
unknown<-dep nmod
room<-amod nmod compound
better<-cop
office<-case advmod det nmod
consult<-case nmod
shape<-nsubj compound:prt mark
riche<-amod
White<-appos det compound
consistently<-nmod:npmod
measure<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
Communications<-dep compound
bike<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
subsidize<-dobj nmod mark
Goldscheider<-compound
work<-acl:relcl det compound
merger<-case cc conj advmod nmod:poss
trade<-compound
group<-compound det nmod amod
biped<-case det amod
growth<-cop compound
executive<-cc conj compound amod
herself<-nmod amod
mess<-dobj compound:prt
fight<-amod compound
text<-dep nmod:poss
own<-nsubj ccomp advmod mark
reading<-nmod mark
metal<-case det amod
save<-aux nmod nsubj
toast<-case det amod
expand<-dep nsubj mark
ban<-cc cop conj acl
bidder<-det nmod
Ulbricht<-case compound amod
kinfolk<-case appos amod
12,345<-case dep
Communications<-case
complain<-nsubj cc nmod:tmod dobj aux conj mark
lottery<-compound
dedicate<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
carcinogenic<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
down<-cop
grasp<-det nmod compound
staff<-dep nmod
unlikely<-xcomp cop nsubj
gas<-nmod amod
differentiate<-nmod mark
resign<-advcl
show<-dep dobj mark
issuance<-case det nmod
seat<-nmod nsubj
future<-case cc det nmod amod conj
go<-nsubj nmod advcl
subcontractor<-det
round<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
advise<-nsubj advmod mark
reform<-acl:relcl det
chairman<-appos nmod:poss
contract<-cop nummod nsubj
Games<-case compound det nmod amod
parent<-case cc conj det nmod
flip-flopped<-aux nsubj nmod mark
discount<-det compound
Lockheed<-case
note<-dep amod
drive<-amod
income<-nmod:poss compound
approach<-cc cop conj nmod
Kellogg<-cc conj
prohibit<-dobj mark
sensitive<-cop advmod nmod advcl
dollar<-nummod acl:relcl det amod
service<-acl:relcl det compound
fund<-case cop nummod det nmod amod
doublea-2<-nmod:npmod cop conj cc nmod
mark<-case cop nsubj cc nummod nmod conj
airline<-acl:relcl
architect<-dep det compound
pickup<-case det nmod
Novell<-appos
wealth<-case det nmod
15,000<-case dep advmod
Gabor<-compound
intend<-xcomp nsubj advcl
genocide<-case det nmod
come<-xcomp nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
seem<-xcomp csubj mark
follow<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
design<-cop acl nsubj
time<-advmod det amod
manager<-case cc conj dep compound
Kellner<-case cc conj
necessary<-xcomp cop nsubj mark
beat<-nsubj advmod dobj mark
subordinate<-nsubj
office<-acl
better<-aux cop ccomp nsubj
columnist<-det nmod amod
policy<-case compound det amod
peer<-nsubj mark
woman<-acl
deliberation<-case nmod:poss
Equitec<-nmod
category<-case nummod det nmod
inventory<-dep
overhang<-det
dividend<-nmod amod
re-enact<-auxpass advmod nmod dobj
open<-xcomp advmod nsubj
51<-acl:relcl
organization<-cop nsubj neg advmod det compound
end<-dep det nmod
use<-aux dobj advmod nsubj
return<-advmod nmod
thin<-xcomp cop advmod nmod
come<-dep ccomp nmod mark
announce<-aux nsubj nmod advmod advcl
pile<-dep compound:prt nmod mark
Port<-acl:relcl nmod
S.A<-cop compound
brim<-dep nmod compound
titanium<-case det nmod
Jones<-cc dep acl:relcl nmod compound
theater<-compound
resolve<-auxpass nmod
Ventures<-compound
plastic<-dep
800<-dep advmod
advice<-nmod nsubj
acquisition<-dep case
be<-parataxis nsubj advmod expl
it<-nsubj
issue<-cop nmod
sit<-advcl advmod nmod nsubj
acid<-cc conj amod
cure<-xcomp nsubj
facility<-neg amod
election<-case
renovation<-det compound
bill<-case dep appos det
recommend<-nmod dobj
exist<-case dobj
letter<-case det nmod compound
boost<-advmod dobj nmod mark
display<-compound
styling<-case amod
stricken<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
usurp<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
rich<-cop nmod nsubj
plaintiff<-dep det
ratio<-compound nsubj
rise<-dep aux dobj nsubj
mill<-det compound
unit<-case dep compound det amod
Canada<-nmod
cocoa<-case nmod
lose<-aux advmod ccomp nsubj
use<-cop compound det nmod amod
Corporation<-det compound
heart<-case nmod:poss amod
destroy<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
mega<-cc conj
program<-case nummod det nmod amod compound
shoot<-advcl dobj nsubj
margin.others<-acl:relcl
continuation<-nmod:poss
die<-cc aux conj nsubj
5,000<-dep cc conj nmod
call<-xcomp advmod
shirt<-cc conj amod
sure<-cop nsubj dep neg advmod nmod
groan<-appos det compound
count<-dobj
control<-dep mark nsubj
investor<-case det compound
mark<-case det nmod amod
Infiniti<-case dep
give<-xcomp dobj nsubj
call<-xcomp nmod
spending<-parataxis nmod
Jackson<-case cc conj det compound
leave<-case compound
attractive<-advmod ccomp nsubj
bet<-dep auxpass nsubjpass dobj
lay<-cc nmod:tmod nmod compound:prt auxpass nsubjpass aux conj
inflation<-case cc conj cc:preconj amod
important<-cop advmod nsubj
form<-case nummod nmod
Nora<-case
assign<-auxpass iobj dobj
tuck<-nmod ccomp
Bethlehem<-dep
access<-acl:relcl nmod
validity<-det nmod
consult<-nsubj ccomp mark
piece<-cop advmod det nmod nsubj
satisfy<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
reappearance<-case acl:relcl det nmod
price<-cop nsubj cc advmod nmod mark compound conj amod
suspension<-nmod:poss nmod amod
Britain<-case amod
econobox<-det nmod ccomp
one<-cc dep det amod
blackmail<-dobj
Spahr<-case compound
Paramedics<-dep
switch<-nsubj
McCaw<-appos
pay<-advcl nmod compound:prt
%<-cop nummod advmod
function<-case det
discuss<-advcl dobj mark
achieve<-advcl aux dobj neg nsubj
wave<-case det nmod amod
absorb<-ccomp nsubj
play<-xcomp nsubj advmod nmod mark aux
Sunday<-amod
time<-cop advmod acl nmod nsubj
trap.it<-case det amod
hurt<-dobj nmod nsubj
WCRS<-case
cause<-cc conj nmod
pile<-det compound
spot<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
blasphemous<-xcomp advmod
serve<-dobj iobj mark
paint<-case cc conj
emissions.four-fifth<-case nmod compound
draw<-xcomp nsubj
car<-acl:relcl det compound
review<-cop nmod
good<-dep
contract<-acl:relcl amod
prove<-advcl dobj nsubj
1,150,000<-case dep nmod
1972<-case acl:relcl
1.65<-case dep
league<-det amod
advise<-dobj nmod mark
session<-advmod det amod
simple<-aux cop advmod nmod mark
hero<-cop advcl mark
winner<-appos compound
touch<-det compound
point<-cc nummod conj nmod
Education<-case compound
fear<-det nmod
continue<-aux ccomp nsubj
closing<-case cc conj det compound
deny<-cc ccomp nmod nsubj
output<-case det amod
search<-case compound nmod:poss amod
worker<-cop appos advmod amod
piece<-acl det amod
copper<-compound det amod
remain<-xcomp aux nsubj nmod mark
price<-appos
certain<-dep cop advmod
news<-dep compound
fill<-xcomp aux nsubj nmod advcl
postmark<-amod
test<-compound amod
year.meanwhile<-appos det
shelter<-det nmod
expedite<-nsubj dobj mark
sex<-cc conj compound
work<-aux nsubj dobj compound:prt mark
hit<-cc nsubj dobj advcl
business<-cop amod nmod nsubj
reclassify<-dobj
come<-aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
net<-nummod amod
Skadden<-case cc conj
ascent<-appos amod
chart<-advmod dobj nsubj
embrace<-advmod dobj nsubj
merit<-case cop nsubj mark
owe<-nmod csubj
Brierley<-case compound
surprising<-cop nsubj ccomp neg mark
contract<-nummod advmod
likely<-cop advmod nmod neg
proceedings<-cop acl:relcl compound
account<-case nmod:poss
White<-nmod compound
retainer<-dep nmod:poss amod
face<-xcomp advmod nsubj
charge<-nummod det
Jersey<-case advmod compound
result<-dep det nmod compound
sweep<-dep advmod nmod mark
ski<-dep dobj
year<-cop advmod amod nmod nsubj
Princeton<-cc conj
course<-nmod:poss
Mills<-appos compound
evolve<-nsubj nmod mark
ridership<-case nmod:poss amod
track<-neg nmod
job<-nummod compound
520,000<-case dep
quarter<-case nmod amod
Belzbergs<-acl:relcl det
move<-det compound
leap<-advcl nmod dobj
rival<-nmod:poss nmod
Intergraph<-case nmod
think<-nsubj dobj
student<-nummod compound amod
time<-dep cop acl:relcl det amod
rescue<-dobj nsubj
average<-dep det amod
Eaton<-case
staffer<-case dep nmod:poss
occur<-dep mark
invective<-neg
prod<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
ball<-case det nmod compound
hole<-dep det nmod
hemorrhage<-parataxis cop dep nsubj
center<-dep det
protect<-aux nsubj dobj nmod advcl
coincide<-nmod mark
think<-dep aux advmod neg nsubj
battle<-case det
grow<-nsubj advmod nmod mark
rise<-aux advmod nmod neg
income<-amod det compound
arrival<-case nummod amod
get<-nsubj dep nmod dobj aux mark
cover<-dobj iobj mark
estimate<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
sell<-cc conj dobj iobj nsubj
get<-cc nsubj dobj advmod advcl
unsettle<-cop
deliver<-cc aux conj advmod nsubj
complete<-aux cop nmod neg nsubj
store<-case dep compound
tougher<-xcomp nsubj
participant<-det nmod det:predet
swear<-compound:prt dobj mark
chemist<-cc conj advmod
research<-case det
slow<-dep nmod mark
announcement<-case det compound
customer<-case acl:relcl amod
pay<-ccomp
civilian<-acl:relcl
sharp<-cc cop conj nsubj mark
intrusion<-cop nsubj det nmod mark
genius<-case det nmod
suffer<-nsubj cc advmod nmod:tmod nmod dobj conj
market<-case nummod det amod
Filipino<-compound
8:30<-case
magazine<-nmod:poss compound
compatibility<-case det nmod
bond<-dep det nmod
chain<-acl det compound
involve<-dep nmod dobj
die<-case dep compound
bloodstream<-xcomp nsubj advmod mark
not<-dep cc conj
no<-cc conj nmod
monitoring<-amod
393/8<-case
court<-cc conj amod
precedent<-case amod
seek<-advcl advmod dobj
Ogonyok<-case det amod
Bruwer<-appos compound
electricity<-nmod
worry<-advmod ccomp nsubj
dam<-det compound
stumble<-advcl nsubj nmod:tmod mark
12.10<-dep advmod
pawn<-det amod
Manufacturers<-case
create<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
end<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
analyst<-nummod
duration<-case amod
attempt<-acl nmod:poss amod
reckon<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
willingness<-det
Abbie<-case
buy-out<-case nmod amod
take<-dep compound:prt nmod dobj
bank<-cop det nmod amod
excursus<-case det nmod
master<-det
lure<-det nmod ccomp
misrepresent<-nsubj cc dobj aux conj mark
finance<-case nmod
resolution<-compound det amod
oink<-dep det amod
precision<-det amod
congressman<-det nmod
victim<-cc cop conj nmod
skid<-dobj nmod nsubj
Hagood<-appos compound
customer<-case cop nsubj dep advmod ccomp
ratify<-nsubj nmod dobj
escape<-dobj mark
fear<-amod
aid<-nmod amod
summer<-nummod
print<-case det nmod amod
death<-case dep nmod
turn<-cc conj advmod compound:prt nsubj
coverage<-compound acl amod
airline<-case appos det amod
plunge<-case det nmod
sign<-cop acl det nsubj
divert<-cc auxpass conj nmod
open<-xcomp aux nsubj
Henderson<-appos compound
offer<-cc conj dobj nsubj
curriculum<-det
product.but<-det amod
rumbling<-case amod
shake<-auxpass nmod
time<-case cc conj cc:preconj
most<-cop
contraction<-det
cargo<-det nmod
type<-cop acl:relcl det nmod
infringe<-case
store<-case det compound
argue<-aux nmod neg nsubj
advertising<-dobj
account<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
Nissan<-det compound
quote<-dep auxpass nsubjpass nmod:tmod nmod
shut<-advmod
Fla.<-case
Einhorn<-appos compound
headquarters<-case
cornerstone<-cop det nmod
race<-cop nsubj dep nummod advmod nmod
halt<-cop nsubj dep mark cc acl:relcl conj
felony<-dep ccomp nmod nsubj
bolster<-dobj nmod mark
profitable<-cop nsubj cc advmod nmod mark aux conj
lighten<-auxpass dobj nsubjpass compound:prt
sticker<-case amod
history<-case cc conj amod
foreigner<-appos
scene<-amod
Walters<-compound
automotive<-cc conj
plant<-case nmod amod
stab<-dobj nmod nsubj
cancel<-mark
Luxembourg<-case
competitor<-case nmod:poss nmod
decline<-acl
fraud<-case amod
higher<-nmod:npmod cop advmod nmod nsubj
adopt<-nsubj nmod mark
firm<-cc conj
evidence<-case nmod amod
warn<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj
reveal<-advmod dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
disadvantage<-case cop det
do<-dep advmod dobj nmod nsubj
scare<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass mark
expensive<-cop nsubj advmod mark
independence<-case nmod:poss amod
engine<-cc conj amod
pain<-dep det
fare<-compound amod
passion<-cop nsubj
Mirage<-case det amod
index<-cc conj nmod:poss
simply<-cc
broadcaster<-case compound amod
sentence<-case compound amod
improvement<-case compound det amod
need<-cop acl
Prudential<-appos
film<-case appos nmod:poss amod
foundation<-case det compound
continue<-xcomp aux expl
Horton<-case compound
quarterly<-nmod:poss
climb<-nsubj nmod mark
account<-cc conj det compound
recognize<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
front<-nmod
growth<-case acl det amod
share<-xcomp cc conj nmod
unlike<-nmod
tree<-case det compound
Tuesday<-cop advcl nmod nsubj
push<-cc det nmod
Cadillac<-dep nmod:poss
part<-cop acl:relcl nmod nsubj
expect<-cc aux xcomp neg nsubj
approach<-dep nummod amod
follow<-advcl nmod dobj
combine<-nsubj nmod dobj
hardwood<-case cc conj
word<-cop advmod det acl amod
waste<-nummod
rate<-case det nmod det:predet
edition<-case det amod
58<-acl:relcl
people<-advmod det acl:relcl
positive<-nmod:npmod
care<-cc conj nmod compound
Tucson<-appos compound
love<-xcomp cc conj advmod nsubj
b-3<-case
command<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
cd<-cc conj
amazing<-dep cop
fire<-advmod nmod dobj
episode<-advmod det ccomp
Sony<-nmod
Capel<-cc conj appos compound
shortage<-case det
enhance<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
president<-dep det
be<-nsubj dep neg mark cc expl conj
hearing<-case nmod amod
music<-dep compound amod
first<-appos
initiative<-dep cop det nsubj
meeting<-nmod amod
field<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
focus<-aux nmod nsubj
compare<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
view<-dobj nmod mark
Swanson<-appos compound
extension<-compound
half<-ccomp
debt<-case compound det amod
light<-dep cop advmod nsubj
history<-case nmod
month<-cop nsubj cc nummod nmod mark conj
ready<-xcomp
computer<-case nmod compound
Club<-case det nmod compound
memento<-dep cop advmod nmod amod
acquire<-advcl dobj nmod mark
Nikkei<-case det
confrontation<-case nmod:poss
complain<-advmod nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
broker<-cc cop conj compound mark
uniform<-amod
enact<-nmod
caution<-xcomp dobj nmod nsubj
maniac<-case acl:relcl det amod
1.5920<-case dep nmod:tmod
use<-aux ccomp nsubj
point<-cop nmod advcl
fine<-nsubj
release<-case compound det nmod amod
opinion<-case nmod:poss nmod
Kutney<-compound
foot<-nummod
temperature<-dep amod
say<-dep advmod dobj
flag<-case det nmod
currency<-case nmod:poss amod
large<-aux cop nsubj advmod mark
take<-neg dobj nsubj
need<-advcl nsubj dobj advmod mark
shareholding<-nmod
fault<-case amod
carry<-dep advmod nsubj
suspension<-cop det nmod nsubj
chip<-dep amod
surrender<-det compound
buy-back<-det compound
Show<-case dep det compound
estimate<-dep dobj nsubj
reinvestment<-nmod compound
influx<-nmod
see<-aux nsubj dobj neg advcl
wait<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass
shield<-case det
call<-xcomp compound:prt nsubj
selection<-case det compound
share<-case nummod nmod:poss nmod
Marines<-case det
decision<-nummod nmod
disk<-cc conj compound
statute<-det det:predet
include<-nsubj cc nmod mark advcl aux conj
racism<-cop
registration<-acl:relcl det nmod
estimate<-cc conj nmod
dividend<-case dep
consider<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
nothing<-cop det
achieve<-aux dobj
owe<-advmod iobj dobj nsubj
cost<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
calculation<-case amod
cent<-dep cop nummod
$<-case dep nummod amod
lead<-xcomp nsubj dobj mark
Defense<-cc conj det nmod compound
p53<-case
earlier.and<-csubj ccomp
stock<-appos det nmod compound
decimal<-case det amod
union<-dep acl:relcl nmod:poss
transition<-nmod:poss
try<-advcl aux dobj nmod nsubj
call<-cop advmod acl nsubj
cookbook<-nsubj ccomp mark
new<-cop nmod neg nsubj
understand<-nmod
weapon<-det nmod amod
send<-dep nmod dobj
select<-cc aux dobj xcomp nsubj
familiarize<-cc conj dobj mark
grow<-aux
Guangdong<-case
american<-acl:relcl det
retire<-cc conj nmod
softness<-case cc conj
vulnerability<-nmod:poss
subject<-det nmod acl
grow<-xcomp
matter<-case
head<-cc conj nsubj mark
Israel<-case cc conj
train<-det amod
ad<-case det acl
use<-nmod ccomp
analyst<-acl:relcl compound
bowl<-det compound
deal<-cop dep advmod det cc acl:relcl compound conj
yank<-aux compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
try<-xcomp advmod dobj nsubj
travel<-nsubj cc dobj dep conj mark
borrow<-xcomp
expect<-advcl mark nsubj
favor<-acl
assessment<-case det nmod
device<-case
weigh<-advmod nmod
feel<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
visitor<-case amod
diversion<-amod
seek<-nsubj dobj advcl
mid-1970<-case appos det
roll<-nsubj nmod advmod advcl
privatize<-aux cop nsubj advmod mark
rebuild<-aux dobj
timberland<-case nmod
payment<-neg compound amod
experiment<-case compound amod
branch<-case nmod:poss amod
system<-case cc conj det compound
stuff<-case amod
attend<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
deduction<-dep det compound
relief<-compound amod
Solo<-det
oblique<-cop
25,000<-advmod
be<-aux advcl nsubj
accumulate<-advcl aux advmod nmod nsubj
cartoons.There<-xcomp nsubj
trader<-cc conj nmod amod
commodity<-amod det nmod nsubj
fancy<-xcomp nsubj
decline<-cc xcomp nsubj
focus<-acl:relcl det
few<-acl:relcl det
run<-aux ccomp nmod nsubj
significance<-nmod amod
happen<-ccomp
leave<-aux nsubj nmod advcl
Berra<-case compound
begin<-aux nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
Merc<-case det nmod
ilyushin<-case nmod:poss amod
office<-cc acl:relcl amod
budget<-acl:relcl det amod
come<-nsubj cc advmod nmod aux conj
share<-cc conj dobj nsubj
squeeze<-dobj nmod mark
disadvantage<-det amod
give<-advcl dobj nmod mark
cut<-ccomp nsubj
claustrophobic<-advmod
dictator<-nmod amod
Dedham<-dep
deck<-case cop amod det nsubj
have<-aux nmod:tmod nsubj
in-law<-case det nmod amod
goal<-nmod:poss nmod compound
flight<-det nmod compound
school<-cc conj acl:relcl nmod compound
Hollander<-cop nsubj cc mark compound conj
worry<-nmod amod
entrepreneurial<-cop advmod
lower<-nsubj dobj nmod advmod mark
expect<-xcomp nmod
stop<-advcl dobj
denude<-dobj mark
ski<-parataxis dobj advmod nsubj
sick<-nsubj
filing<-dep det compound
market<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
eat<-dobj
cause<-case nmod:poss
retain<-ccomp mark
spend<-dep advmod dobj mark
sort<-cop advmod acl
announce<-nsubj ccomp nmod mark
trade-in<-acl:relcl det
recapitalization<-case nummod nmod:poss
fanfare<-case nummod
paper<-cc conj compound
have<-cc aux dobj advcl nsubj
look<-xcomp mark
simple<-appos amod
now<-aux nmod nsubj
look.moreover<-det amod
one<-case cop nsubj det xcomp amod aux
premium<-cc det nmod amod compound conj
group<-dep nummod compound amod
catalog<-case det compound
Congress<-compound det amod
become<-nsubj advmod nmod:tmod nmod mark aux
join<-xcomp nmod nsubj
infrastructure<-det nmod amod
midyear<-case appos
attend<-nsubj mark
national<-nsubj
expertise<-case det
rep<-cop det nmod amod
Rhin<-cc conj
stall<-aux nsubj nmod neg mark
affect<-cop nsubj
success<-advmod nmod
Center<-case compound det amod
history<-det amod
expect<-xcomp aux dep dobj nsubj
ban<-dobj nsubj
$<-case cop nummod advmod
shake<-neg compound:prt dobj nsubj
present<-dep nmod
use<-case dep
conceit<-cc conj compound det amod
buy<-dep aux nsubj
pysllium<-xcomp
Plan<-det nmod compound
share<-aux nsubj dobj advmod mark
believe<-nsubj compound:prt dobj
stuff<-case det
assign<-aux nmod cop
position<-case acl:relcl det
jump<-dep acl det amod
one<-cop neg nsubj
use<-neg dobj mark
handle<-xcomp aux nsubj
Cos.<-appos compound
holder<-case acl:relcl
Lawrenson<-cc conj compound
customers.traders<-case acl:relcl
misuse<-det nmod
begin<-dep advmod dobj nsubj
revival<-case det nmod
run<-dep auxpass nsubjpass nmod
ignore<-advmod dobj
measure<-det nmod
shoot<-ccomp nsubj
Sills<-case compound amod
travel<-aux nsubj dobj mark
anywhere<-advmod
manufacture<-nsubj advmod mark
guilt<-det
get<-advmod nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
deliver<-aux nmod dobj
Film<-compound
prerogative<-case amod
draw<-advmod nmod nsubj
publisher<-det
they<-case acl:relcl
key<-cop advmod nmod ccomp
observe<-parataxis nsubj
play<-aux advmod dobj advcl nsubj
employer<-nmod:poss nmod amod
inquiry<-case nmod amod
turn<-cc compound:prt nmod nsubj
forget<-ccomp nsubj
30<-case advmod det acl:relcl
chord<-case det amod
foot<-cop nsubj advcl det amod compound aux
butcher<-case det amod
funding<-case det nmod
U.S.<-amod
have<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj aux conj
revolutionize<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
depress<-dobj nmod nsubj
dwarf<-aux dobj nsubj
participation<-det compound
have<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
ability<-case
slice<-det nmod
client<-nmod:poss nmod amod
science<-det amod
holding<-nsubj
exercise<-cop acl:relcl det amod
fly<-aux nmod nsubj
Price<-cc acl:relcl compound
tighten<-advmod dobj
tape<-case det nmod
heart<-dep det nmod
Executive<-case compound
c<-case dep advmod
launch<-det
call<-cc nmod dobj
recommend<-cc aux dobj neg nsubj
profess<-case cc auxpass nsubjpass conj
sell<-cc dobj nmod mark
policy<-nmod amod
undercut<-advmod dobj nsubj
let<-aux nsubj dobj nmod advcl
protect<-dep nmod dobj
season<-cop det nmod mark
oversight<-cc conj compound
best<-acl:relcl
stellar<-dep advmod
portion<-dep nmod
376,000<-dep nmod
attach<-ccomp nmod nsubj
Meridian<-case
ground<-dep xcomp auxpass nsubjpass mark
wind<-nmod
Wall<-case
picture<-case dep nmod:poss compound
handle<-advmod dobj mark
method<-det
seem<-xcomp advcl
friend<-case nmod
God<-advmod
be<-mark dobj
devastation<-case det amod
support<-case acl:relcl det nmod
Catherine<-cc conj
heartbeat<-case dep det nmod
13/16<-cc conj
Bachmann<-compound
review<-aux cop nmod nsubj
apply<-aux nsubj neg mark
Mansion<-case compound
do<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
guideline<-case amod
setback<-det
commission<-det acl
difficulty<-nmod:poss nmod
industry<-case dep nmod
commuter<-acl:relcl amod
convention<-case det compound
closer<-dep nmod
floor<-nmod:poss compound
pleasantry<-amod
goods<-cop nsubj compound nmod mark advcl
brand<-case det nmod compound
acknowledgement<-cop acl nmod:poss amod
Agency<-compound det amod
Northrop<-case appos
solve<-parataxis aux advcl neg nsubj
optimistic<-dep advmod nmod
violin<-case det
name<-advmod dobj
day<-det nmod amod
task<-cop nsubj neg det amod aux
asset<-acl:relcl det compound
matter<-case compound
support<-case cc conj amod
Kress<-compound
rally<-det compound
worship<-case det amod
give<-aux neg nsubj
approve<-aux advmod nsubj neg mark
type<-nmod
expand<-advmod advcl
century<-dep appos det
urge<-aux ccomp nsubj
firm<-case acl:relcl det
dominate<-xcomp dep advmod
carry<-dobj advmod nsubj
stop<-nsubj cc neg dobj advcl aux
speak<-aux nsubj nmod:tmod nmod mark
defeated.cars<-cop
Morris<-cc conj cc:preconj compound
cut<-dep dobj nsubj
head.with<-case det amod
contraption<-det amod
lead<-dep det nmod compound
enhancement<-case nmod compound
slide<-nmod:poss
due<-xcomp advmod
slow<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
fall<-cc advcl nsubj
approximate<-dobj iobj mark
this<-parataxis aux cop nsubj
president<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
opponents.when<-ccomp
reinvest<-advcl advmod dobj
}<-case cc conj compound
set<-dobj nmod advmod nsubj
backwater<-det nmod
needle<-det
shock<-det
grow<-ccomp nmod dobj
midnight<-case
resistance<-nmod
Black<-appos compound
safe<-xcomp cop nsubj mark
Asarco<-case nmod compound
Treasury<-dep
conviction<-case nummod det nmod
spine<-case
hinder<-dobj nsubj
place<-dep det compound
helix<-det nmod amod
assignment<-det amod
pump<-advmod
editor<-case dep det nmod
trading<-case nmod:tmod amod
ADN<-compound det amod
roll<-case det
there<-case cop conj cc nsubj
charge<-det acl
show<-acl:relcl det
overhead<-nmod:poss
naive<-cop
part<-cop nmod mark
terminate<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod dobj
patriarchy.how<-case det amod
Series<-compound det acl:relcl amod
end<-case dep nmod amod compound nmod:poss
swearing-in<-nmod:poss
win<-case cc nummod conj
estimate<-case nummod
condone<-cc conj dobj
indicate<-dobj mark
position<-xcomp cop advmod
position<-nmod:poss acl
announce<-advmod nmod dobj
marketeer<-amod
rely<-nmod ccomp
billion<-nmod compound
Park<-compound
IBM<-nmod
record<-cop det nmod
vice<-neg
question<-cc conj dobj nsubj
recover<-aux neg nsubj
survey<-nummod det nmod compound
fend<-advmod dobj compound:prt
meet<-advmod dobj mark
start<-case compound amod
wait<-dobj compound:prt advmod mark
pollution<-det compound
event<-case nmod
drop<-dep advmod dobj nsubj
moment<-case dep det
breaker<-det compound
defuse<-dobj nmod mark
627/8<-dep advmod nmod compound
drinking<-aux advmod nsubj
260<-advmod
bid<-dep cop det
Colombians<-case
protest<-appos compound
owner<-dep det
Brae<-case
significant<-cop advcl
municipal<-advmod
rule<-cop det nmod mark
brand<-dep det
ship<-dep dobj nmod mark
worse.a<-dep cop nummod compound nsubj
demonstrator<-xcomp nsubj
day<-case cop amod det compound:prt
march<-case det nmod compound
finish<-nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
fabrication<-case det nmod
shout<-parataxis aux ccomp neg nsubj
home<-acl det compound
officer<-cc conj nmod amod
grow<-aux advcl nmod nsubj
operator<-case
suggest<-aux nsubj advmod dobj
perspective<-case det nmod
reputation<-acl
safe<-det
talk<-advmod nmod nsubj
range<-case nmod compound
safe<-dep
gaze<-cc conj compound:prt nmod nsubj
fight<-cc aux conj nmod dobj
move<-advmod compound nmod amod
meter<-dep det compound
art<-case cc conj
283/4<-advmod nmod
sit<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
neither<-cc conj
deputy<-case appos nmod:poss
erode<-nsubj mark
altitude<-case det nmod amod
change<-advcl aux dobj neg nsubj
exaggerate<-mark
will<-neg nsubj advcl
speculator<-case acl:relcl amod
succeed<-cc dep conj dobj nsubj
Bank<-appos compound
administration<-case dep advmod det
support<-aux dobj nmod neg nsubj
traffic<-dep
proposal<-cop advmod acl
Shipley<-amod compound
Coast<-det compound
executive<-compound acl:relcl nmod amod
experience<-xcomp nsubj
2189.7<-case
axiomatic<-cc cop advmod ccomp nsubj
report<-nsubj
Corsica<-cc conj det
machine<-case nummod nmod
offer<-case det compound
tease<-dep cop
pico<-det nmod
dollar<-case det acl
headquarters<-det nmod compound
{<-advcl dobj nsubj
candidate<-dep
1985<-case cc conj
regulation<-case cc conj amod
unfamiliarity<-case
382.81<-case
normal<-nmod:npmod cop nmod
launch<-nmod mark
competition<-case cc det nmod amod conj
access<-case compound
credit<-dobj advmod nsubj
walk<-nsubj cc neg advmod compound:prt aux conj dobj
blitz<-case det nmod compound
fallout<-case det
risk<-cop cc advmod det amod dep
repeat<-cop nmod mark
swat<-det
acquisition<-nmod amod
estimate<-case nummod det nmod amod
subsidiary<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss compound
risk<-case det nmod amod
cost<-dep advmod nsubj
flatten<-auxpass nmod
hurt<-dep advmod dobj
adhesive<-dep det
situation<-case appos det
industry<-case advmod amod
demagogue<-cc conj ccomp nsubj
purchase<-nmod nsubj
buy<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj dep aux
Works<-case acl:relcl compound
slump<-case det nmod
avoid<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
consumption<-cc conj det compound
town<-case compound det nmod amod
operate<-advmod dobj mark
be<-xcomp nsubj advcl
owe<-nmod nsubj
passenger<-neg nummod
preparation<-amod
scientist<-case det compound
regulator<-case nmod compound
heighten<-aux nsubj dobj mark
prosecutor<-nmod:poss amod
buy<-cc conj dobj advmod mark
Navy<-case det
laser<-case
coup-maker<-xcomp nmod
official<-nummod nmod
upside<-dep det
appeal<-advmod det amod
market<-advmod det compound
tooth<-nmod
Koreans<-case amod
PS<-dep
outleap<-advmod dobj nsubj
message<-amod
subsidiary<-case advmod det compound
work<-case cop acl:relcl
mining<-nmod dobj
lawyer<-amod
confront<-aux nsubj dobj advmod advcl
loss<-dep nmod
approve<-xcomp nmod nsubj
drama<-nmod:poss nmod amod
Kenyon<-case cc conj
present<-nsubj dobj mark
reap<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
rank<-dep nsubj advcl dobj
yield<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
piece<-compound:prt dobj nmod mark
wonder<-cop nsubj cc ccomp conj mark
disservice<-nmod
store<-nmod:poss compound
letter<-det nmod compound
Warner-Lambert<-case
Denver<-case cc conj
rewrite<-advcl dobj nmod mark
dog<-acl:relcl det amod
resident<-cc det ccomp
unwarranted<-cop nsubj mark
parley<-case acl det compound
run<-dep dobj mark
he<-dep nmod mark
offset<-advmod nmod ccomp
advance<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
painfully<-cop nsubj cc ccomp dep conj
cost<-nsubj
read<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
sow<-ccomp
Statistics<-case compound
clothes<-compound
become<-xcomp cc conj dobj nsubj
Poland<-case det
earn<-nmod dobj
meeting<-nmod:poss amod
protein<-dep amod
uniform<-cc conj det amod
replay<-acl:relcl det nmod
vehicle<-case cc conj compound amod
voter<-det amod
share<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
succeed<-cc conj nmod
couple<-acl:relcl det amod
cost<-acl:relcl det compound
prosecutor<-nmod:poss
monitor<-ccomp
it.one<-advmod nmod
exist<-advcl advmod nsubj
commitment<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
spending<-compound amod
correct<-cop ccomp
respected<-cc conj advmod nmod
bear<-ccomp
10<-case dep advmod
need<-case cop nmod mark
often<-dep cc advmod
Darman<-appos compound
raise<-nmod:tmod nmod dobj
contemporize<-dobj mark
threatening<-cop advmod nmod mark
hotel<-case cc conj compound
frustration<-cop det nmod amod
lounge<-acl:relcl det amod
gain<-acl:relcl det nmod compound
override<-dep dobj mark
cooperation<-amod
own<-xcomp nsubj nmod mark
(<-ccomp mark
throw<-nmod compound:prt
invent<-ccomp nsubj
way<-case nummod advcl
pants<-amod
exchange<-nmod dobj
worth<-dep cop nsubj nmod mark
Women<-case
truth<-det amod
21<-nmod
lip<-case nmod:poss
produce<-aux nsubj dobj mark
Schwarz<-det compound
aspect<-cop nsubj advmod det nmod amod
jock<-dep amod
Berger<-appos compound
Marshall<-case compound
League<-case det compound
review<-aux dobj nsubj
131,146<-case nmod
profit<-cc conj
prepare<-nsubj nmod mark
calculate<-cc ccomp nsubj
cut<-dobj
sustain<-advcl dobj
reconsider<-aux dobj nsubj
ANC<-case det
Sinatra<-dep compound
go<-xcomp advmod mark
possible<-nsubj
Greene<-appos compound
Inc.<-case cc advmod nmod compound conj
proceed<-aux advcl nmod neg nsubj
model<-nmod
country<-case cop cc det nmod conj
make<-nsubj neg advmod dobj aux mark
halt<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
Telecom<-compound
ownership<-case cc conj amod
detain<-dep
act<-cc conj advmod nsubj
initiative<-det acl
rejuvenate<-dobj mark
trend<-case det
influence<-case det nmod
pursue<-xcomp mark
dealing<-case cc conj nmod compound
five<-cc cop conj nmod nsubj
Marina<-det
floor<-compound det amod
day<-nmod:poss amod
year<-cc appos advmod det conj
dodge<-advcl advmod dobj nmod nsubj
sink<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
produce<-advcl dobj
confiscate<-dobj
crack<-case det
shape<-nmod compound:prt
profess<-xcomp nsubj mark
thing<-cop nsubj neg det amod advcl aux
garden<-det nmod amod
do<-aux nmod neg nsubj
reformer<-parataxis cop det neg nsubj
speed<-case acl:relcl det
employee<-cc conj nmod:poss
bid<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
panic<-nummod compound
honor<-aux ccomp neg nsubj
farming<-case nmod amod
filings<-case compound
provide<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj mark
look<-advmod nsubj
emotional<-case cop advmod
however<-aux advmod ccomp
fund<-parataxis cop nmod acl
manufacturer<-case compound amod
demonize<-xcomp
operation<-neg nmod compound
contest<-case nummod det compound
use<-aux cop nsubj nmod mark
limit<-dep compound det amod
turn<-cop acl nmod:poss nsubj
Gould<-case cc conj compound
express<-cop nmod nsubj
interest<-cop compound
lawyer<-cc conj det amod
continue<-dep mark nsubj xcomp dobj
rise<-dep dobj
closet<-case det nmod
promise<-aux dobj
deprive<-aux dobj neg nsubj
Antar<-dep compound
extend<-cc conj dobj mark
case<-case cc conj det amod
recognize<-dobj mark
airport<-case nmod
boost<-advmod dobj nsubj
threaten<-advcl dobj
close<-dobj nmod:tmod compound:prt
Town<-cc conj
cynicism<-nsubj advmod ccomp
Columbia<-cc conj
key<-det acl
envelope<-case det
deficiency<-nmod
seek<-cc neg dobj advcl conj mark
discuss<-xcomp advmod nsubj
Forum<-case det nmod
minute<-dep det nmod amod
Compaq<-case cc conj
1681/2<-dep compound
succeed<-nmod mark
Series<-cop nsubj cc det compound conj
goodwill<-case
turbine<-case nummod compound nmod amod
quake<-case cc conj det compound
reduce<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj aux mark
simplicity<-case det nmod
focus<-neg nmod:poss compound
dollar<-case compound
concentrate<-dep auxpass advmod nmod
zero<-cc acl:relcl
shake<-advcl
reach<-advmod nsubj
fund<-case appos det amod
user<-cop nsubj cc det nmod amod conj
deposit<-dep aux nsubj advmod mark
have<-case dobj
see<-advcl aux dobj neg nsubj
homosexual<-cop nsubj
Nugget<-compound
retailer<-case det amod
part<-det nmod compound
bank<-case advmod det
respond<-aux advmod nsubj
plunge<-dep det
appeal<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
quota<-case
take<-nsubj cc neg advmod dobj aux conj mark
review<-aux dobj mark
blame<-dobj nsubj
tap<-nsubj advmod dobj advcl aux mark
six-shooter<-case det nmod
move<-case amod nmod compound
mute<-cop nsubj advcl mark
CBOE<-appos det
dilute<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
gene<-case det compound
Nov.<-case cc nummod nmod dep conj
ideologue<-xcomp
need<-cop appos advmod acl nsubj
husband<-cop acl:relcl det nsubj
year<-case dep nummod nmod amod
}<-case compound det nmod amod
Ezekiel<-compound
engine<-case cc conj amod
skip<-nmod dobj
big<-cop nsubj cc nmod aux conj
wave<-dep det compound
Helsinki<-case
view<-nmod nsubj
Village<-case advmod det amod
feel<-advmod ccomp mark
bench<-amod
jerk<-dep nsubj nmod mark
scenario<-det nmod
fall<-parataxis aux dobj nmod nsubj
check<-case nmod:poss amod
sniff<-cc nmod mark auxpass nsubjpass conj
wrongdoing<-det
prepare<-auxpass advmod nmod
once<-dep case
Eiszner<-appos compound
demote<-aux cop nsubj nmod mark
resemblance<-det
look<-xcomp aux
diversity<-amod
work<-nummod compound
support<-dobj ccomp mark
order<-cc conj
week<-case nummod nmod acl
rethink<-det nmod amod
effort<-cop nsubj det acl mark
wrinkle<-cop advmod det acl:relcl amod
exciting<-dep appos advmod
mr.honecker<-xcomp
sovereignty<-nsubj
apt<-parataxis cop nsubj advcl
Museum<-det compound
bank<-acl:relcl amod
beat<-dep dobj mark
certainly<-ccomp nsubj
ski<-parataxis dobj nsubj
62.875<-case dep nmod
Class<-case dep compound
person<-acl det amod
hit<-case nummod
work<-xcomp aux nsubj nmod mark
phase<-nsubj dep advmod compound:prt advcl aux dobj
consciousness<-amod
earring<-amod
oils<-case nmod
plan<-xcomp aux neg
addition<-case det nmod
Toussie<-compound
epsiode<-case det nmod amod
affect<-aux nmod neg nsubj
jump<-nmod amod
defense<-case det nmod amod
complaint<-nmod amod
finance<-aux nsubj neg mark
lack<-case dep det nmod
Boesky<-case cc conj compound
cycle<-case
inflation<-dep det nmod amod
happy<-dep cop xcomp advcl
consider<-nsubj dep neg advmod nmod cc conj
crush<-cc conj dobj mark
direct<-dep advmod ccomp
Germany<-dep
trade<-dep amod
request<-ccomp nsubj
result<-cop nsubj dep nmod amod compound mark
leave<-dep dobj advmod nsubj
differ<-aux nsubj advcl nmod mark
exhilarating<-advmod nsubj
Schneider<-compound
effect<-case cop nsubj nmod mark aux
Jan.<-case nummod appos
seclusion<-case
quote<-advcl aux cop nmod nsubj
Russians<-dep det
concentrate<-case
composer<-det acl
climb<-aux advmod nmod:tmod nmod neg
generator<-case cc conj nmod:poss amod
trader<-case nmod
soar<-advcl nsubj
finance<-advmod nmod nsubj
recognize<-dobj nmod mark
news<-cop nsubj advmod nmod amod aux mark
increase<-nsubj advcl nmod mark
increase<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
647/8<-dep nmod compound
surplus<-cop compound nsubj det mark
pushover<-cop neg nsubj
agency<-case nummod nmod:poss compound
unit<-case compound det amod
boost<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
station<-case compound
stigma<-det nmod amod
convey<-xcomp cc conj mark nsubj
vendor<-dep neg compound amod
believe<-dep aux nsubj advmod ccomp
fund<-acl:relcl amod
fetch<-dep nsubj nmod mark
drop<-dep advmod
connect<-advmod dobj
enthusiast<-appos det
bid<-case cc det nmod amod conj
Hahn<-compound
movement<-case cc conj compound amod
LBO<-case appos det
Mevacor<-appos
voter<-case
association<-case cc conj compound
management<-dep compound
Noriega<-case acl:relcl compound
piling<-mark
scant<-dep
consultant<-dep det nmod amod
develop<-advmod nmod dobj
shut<-cc dep conj dobj compound:prt
pay<-ccomp nsubj
say<-cop nsubj cc advmod ccomp aux conj mark
pursuit<-cop det nmod
appropriate<-advmod
advantage<-case amod
break<-aux advmod nsubj
Bell<-case compound
53/8<-dep compound
century<-case cop nsubj advmod det amod aux
base<-dep nmod:poss compound
level<-case advmod nmod:poss
13.4<-cc cop conj nmod nsubj
re-enter<-nmod dobj
response<-case acl
base<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
way<-neg nmod amod
facility<-nummod nmod compound
Dukakis<-case cc conj compound
mess<-cop nsubj det amod mark
multiple<-dep cop advmod nmod nsubj
cheap<-cop nsubj
love<-xcomp dobj nsubj
passenger<-nmod amod
surprised<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
Wertheimer<-amod compound
time<-dep
victory<-cop det nmod amod
innovation<-det nmod
unit<-case cop nsubj advmod det amod
salvage<-aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod
go<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
horizon<-case det
neighbor<-case det
easy<-xcomp cop
load<-cop nmod nsubj
rival<-case appos nmod compound
announce<-nmod:tmod
give<-nsubj nmod compound:prt advcl aux dobj
tendency<-case dep det amod
elderly<-advmod
)<-amod
play<-aux advmod nmod dobj
carry<-nmod:tmod nsubj
restructuring<-case nmod:poss
debate<-case det amod
reside<-aux nsubj nmod mark
area<-case det nmod compound
monohull<-case nmod:poss amod
session<-case nmod amod
offensive<-dep advmod
feel<-cc dobj nsubj
prance<-compound:prt nmod mark
investigation<-case compound det acl amod
International<-appos compound
trade<-parataxis cop acl nmod nsubj
A<-case compound
keen<-ccomp nmod nsubj
return<-nsubj mark
rebound<-dep cc conj
branch<-nmod mark
air<-nsubj advmod nmod mark
appeal<-nsubj nmod advcl
mention<-neg nmod
start<-aux advmod nsubj neg advcl
language<-dep nmod:poss
diamond<-nmod
bump<-nsubj advmod nmod:tmod dobj advcl compound:prt
daily<-det
system<-case cc conj amod
rate<-dep nmod nsubj
stretch<-amod
plan<-advmod amod
journey<-nmod amod
individual<-nummod
City<-case dep appos compound
sit<-dep nsubj
(<-cc advmod det amod dep compound
expire<-dep aux nsubj ccomp mark
restore<-nmod dobj
take<-aux nsubj dobj advmod mark
seek<-xcomp neg nmod mark
car<-case cc conj compound amod
strengthening<-det nmod
form<-advmod det nmod amod
mayor<-nmod compound
maquette<-det
steady<-cop nmod
live<-advmod dobj nsubj
commuter<-case nmod
text<-case cc conj det
Mitchell<-case nmod compound
timer<-case cc conj det
visit<-advmod dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
wreak<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
freeze<-cop nmod nsubj
relieve<-nmod dobj
taxicab<-case det
start<-cc conj compound:prt dobj nsubj
portion<-acl:relcl nmod
effort<-case det nmod
be<-cc conj
draft<-nsubj ccomp advcl
narrow<-aux nmod nsubj
proposal<-case amod
review<-nmod dobj
United<-dep
swell<-case dep det
rack<-dobj compound:prt
Giraffe<-cc conj cc:preconj det compound
personnel<-case amod
message<-amod nsubj
Bancorp<-case compound amod
lose<-aux nmod
2,888<-case
larceny<-nmod
follow<-dep aux dobj
Yardeni<-compound
Warburg<-compound
toss<-nsubj cc advmod nmod compound:prt conj dobj
mean<-xcomp aux nsubj
expectation<-det amod
exempt<-cop nsubj mark
test<-dobj
call<-dep
Donaldson<-cc conj compound
acquire<-xcomp nmod
illegal<-cop advmod ccomp
series<-acl:relcl det
mean<-dep
program<-case compound det nmod amod
Wall<-cop appos compound
expect<-xcomp csubj mark
fool<-ccomp mark
period<-case nmod:poss amod
Tisch<-appos
trough<-case cop det
depress<-dobj nsubj
aged<-nmod dobj
stock<-compound acl amod
peddler<-case det amod
discussion<-case acl:relcl amod
fly<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
again.some<-case nmod:poss compound
property<-dep compound
prestige<-det nmod
impact<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
Angeles<-case appos compound
asset<-det nmod amod
trouble<-xcomp cop advmod
scream<-compound
cheap<-cop nsubj cc neg advmod conj
climb<-nmod:poss compound
suit<-acl:relcl det
uneventful<-cop nmod
trade<-case acl:relcl amod
she<-case advmod
legerdemain<-case nmod amod
Gollust<-cc conj
Marwick<-case amod compound
legal<-xcomp cop nsubj cc cc:preconj conj
dollar<-case acl:relcl det
promotion<-compound
Campbell-Mithun-Esty<-nmod
war<-case compound
deny<-dobj ccomp nsubj
make<-nmod:tmod dobj nmod advmod mark
predict<-advmod ccomp nsubj
justify<-aux nsubj dobj mark
AGIP<-dep
sausage-grinder<-case det compound
brother<-case det compound
schedule<-xcomp cop nsubj cc advmod conj
decree<-aux dobj
Mareham<-dep
26.50<-case dep
sue<-dobj
crowd<-dobj nsubj
get<-advcl dobj ccomp advmod mark
summer<-case det acl
mean<-xcomp nsubj mark
software<-case det compound
earthquake<-dep det nmod
lend<-advmod mark
be<-advmod ccomp dobj
Airplanes<-nmod compound
maid<-dep nmod:poss
relevant<-cop advcl neg
bribe<-case
Garratt<-case compound
rise<-compound nmod:poss amod
minimum<-case det amod
provide<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
Atlanta<-case acl:relcl
arrange<-auxpass nmod mark
exercise<-nmod
stretch<-acl:relcl det amod
lower<-cop ccomp nsubj
counter<-dep dobj mark
require<-cop cc det nmod:tmod nmod amod advcl
twelve<-dep advmod
predict<-advmod ccomp mark
image<-det
2,000<-case
buy<-xcomp dobj nsubj
common<-cop advmod nsubj
operative<-case det compound
danger<-dep acl:relcl det amod
process<-case nmod:poss
prospect<-case cop nmod ccomp
waive<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
agency<-det nmod compound
construct<-cc conj advmod
offer<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj advcl aux
profile<-compound det acl:relcl amod
filings<-nmod:poss amod
prepay<-cop nsubj cc mark aux conj
recital<-case dep det nmod
prisoner<-compound det amod
limit<-advcl dobj nmod mark
push<-dep advmod nmod compound:prt
be<-discourse advmod ccomp nsubj
thing<-dep det nmod amod
include<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
fare<-dep det
town<-compound det amod
air<-nmod
base<-nummod nmod compound
ex-dividend<-cop nsubj dep advmod nmod:tmod nmod
research<-case cop conj cc
evident<-cop advmod nmod
jump<-aux advcl nmod nsubj
drive<-dobj nmod mark
prosecute<-dobj nmod nsubj
respectability<-case nmod:poss nmod
official<-cc conj compound amod
dormant<-advmod
kingpin<-case det compound
let<-nsubj dep neg advmod nmod ccomp aux
quantity<-dep acl:relcl det nmod amod
choice<-case nmod compound
RJR<-nmod
these<-nmod
concept<-case amod
insist<-nmod nsubj
extend<-nsubj nmod ccomp mark advcl aux dobj
Filipinos<-case amod
tighten<-dep cop advmod nsubj
Parks<-case appos compound
accord<-parataxis nmod
outstanding<-ccomp
remain<-cc xcomp nmod nsubj
enlist<-dobj
survey<-cop nmod:poss nmod nsubj
view<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
Langendorf<-case compound
quantity<-det nmod
inception<-nsubj nmod mark
reaction<-nmod:poss
holder<-amod
process<-det det:predet
need<-case compound
Group<-dep compound
lovely<-cc dep conj advmod
likely<-xcomp aux cop
more<-case dep
meet<-cc conj advmod nmod
operation<-cop amod neg nsubj
favoritism<-case nmod amod
distinguish<-dep advmod dobj nmod nsubj
Department<-case acl:relcl det nmod compound
1980s<-case cc appos det conj
script<-case det
opener<-case det
view<-dep compound amod
call<-aux dobj
155/8<-dep nmod compound
discover<-dobj nsubj
system<-case compound det nmod amod
possibility<-advmod nmod:poss amod
adjust<-cop advmod neg
foil<-xcomp aux nsubj
tyke<-det
Equitable<-case det
get<-nsubj cc neg nmod compound:prt aux
facility<-case nummod nmod:poss compound
do<-nsubj cc dobj aux conj mark
unprepared<-cop nsubj dobj nmod mark
ignorance<-acl:relcl
total<-amod
stability<-compound
fine<-cop nsubj dep cc aux conj
Franciscans<-compound
executive<-dep det amod
wrap<-compound:prt dobj mark
step<-compound
make<-nsubj ccomp nmod mark
murder<-case cc conj amod
oust<-aux nsubj nmod mark
expedite<-advcl dobj mark
Merieux<-dep appos
feeling<-det nmod amod
hard<-cc cop xcomp nsubj
radio<-case cc conj amod
acre<-case dep nummod
regard<-nsubj nmod mark
bet<-ccomp advmod iobj dobj nsubj
result<-case dep nmod:poss nmod compound
quarter<-cop acl:relcl det amod
likely<-cc cop xcomp neg nsubj
sell<-nsubj cc neg advmod dobj aux conj
write-off<-det nmod amod
effect<-cc conj nmod amod
repaint<-cc aux conj cop nsubj
alone<-nmod
switcher<-cop compound nsubj
purchase<-det amod
worth<-cop advmod ccomp
company<-case cc conj nmod amod
buy-out<-case advmod det compound
colonialist<-acl:relcl det compound
stray<-neg advmod nmod
deny<-advmod nmod dobj
accurate<-advmod
keep<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
crime<-cop det nsubj
report<-cc det nmod amod compound conj
air<-case nmod amod
low<-nummod det nmod amod
Hunter<-acl:relcl
behave<-xcomp
future<-amod compound
biologist<-det nmod amod
expect<-xcomp nsubj dobj advcl
violation<-case det compound
rice<-case det
legislature<-dep nmod:poss
physician<-acl:relcl det amod
heart<-case nmod:poss
spot<-advcl nsubj dobj mark
groan<-parataxis advmod dobj nmod nsubj
report<-nmod mark
produce<-aux nmod neg nsubj
Wilbur<-case compound
sentiment<-compound det nmod amod
soldier<-cc conj
$<-case nummod appos nmod
lecture<-case nummod det
advertising<-case cc conj nmod compound
go<-case det compound
bid<-acl:relcl det nmod
jealousy<-case
stock<-det ccomp
bid<-case cc det nmod compound conj
overlook<-aux advmod nmod cop
Lake<-case det
Volvo<-compound
opinion<-nmod:poss amod
risk<-nmod:poss compound
compare<-advcl nmod dobj
effective.that<-cop advmod nsubj
wonder<-dep det
Lang<-case cc conj compound
est<-case compound
reopen<-dobj mark
creditor<-case det amod
excuse<-case det nmod
beat<-xcomp nsubj dep advmod cc aux conj
million<-case cop nsubj dep det aux
combine<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
begin<-aux nsubj dobj advmod mark
place<-xcomp nsubj mark
reduce<-cc dobj advmod mark
f<-nmod
deli<-case det
drop<-case nummod det nmod compound
pass<-ccomp nmod nsubj
price<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss amod
messrs.guber<-cc conj
mayor<-appos nmod:poss amod
Fedders<-compound
head<-parataxis advcl nmod nsubj
give<-dep advmod nmod dobj
coup<-case det amod
file<-xcomp nmod mark
other<-dep cc conj appos
Riegle<-case appos compound
upswing<-cc conj det
spend<-cc conj ccomp nsubj
two-third<-cc dep advmod nmod
loan<-det nmod amod
own<-aux nsubj nmod dobj
effect<-dep
question<-dep nummod
California<-case cop nsubj dep xcomp mark compound
episode<-case nummod amod
produce<-case
charge<-case det acl
trigger<-case nmod:poss compound
appear<-ccomp nmod nsubj
thing<-acl:relcl
retaliation<-dep case
compel<-xcomp cop nsubj cc aux conj
introduce<-aux nmod mark
inventory<-case amod
Plan<-acl:relcl det compound
allrightnik<-case cc conj det
Kennedy<-cc conj compound
effective<-cop nsubj neg nmod advcl aux
sneak<-xcomp dobj nmod nsubj
divide<-cop advcl nsubj
high<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
nothing<-amod
columnist<-case compound
expect<-aux nsubj advcl mark
rise<-cop nsubj det nmod amod compound
prompt<-dobj mark
appear<-aux ccomp nmod nsubj
relate<-neg nmod nsubj
99.90<-case
cutback<-amod
Goodson<-dep
allergy<-nmod compound
guide<-det nmod compound
automobile<-case cc conj
specialist<-case amod
boat<-case amod
tinker<-cc conj nmod
miss<-auxpass nsubjpass
abate<-aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod
competitor<-dep amod
worker<-nummod det appos compound
possible<-dep cop advmod
have<-cc aux dobj nsubj
profitable<-cc conj advmod
disclose<-advcl dobj
investment<-case nummod det compound
lock<-auxpass advmod nmod
owner<-cc appos nmod:poss conj amod
particular<-case acl:relcl
stress<-advmod dobj
commercial<-dep det
drug<-nmod amod
indict<-cc auxpass nsubjpass conj nmod
agreement<-acl det amod
succeed<-dep aux nmod nsubj
punish<-dobj mark
afraid<-xcomp advmod
litigation<-det nmod
exacerbate<-nmod advcl
concentrate<-aux dobj nsubj
trough<-case det
pool<-compound amod
84.75<-case dep advmod
accessible<-advmod
170<-case dep nmod
sell<-cc cop conj nmod nsubj
elect<-advmod ccomp nsubj
low<-dep cop advmod neg nsubj
reason<-parataxis det amod
resemble<-xcomp nsubj
have<-nsubj neg ccomp nmod dobj aux mark
Today<-compound
song<-case det nmod
promise<-case nmod:poss
IBM<-dep cc
strap<-nmod nsubj
hold<-parataxis dobj nsubj
transplant<-case nummod det compound
complaint<-cc ccomp nsubj
budget<-nmod:poss
repair<-cop nsubj cc nmod mark aux conj
affidavit<-nsubj mark
pipe<-case amod
withstand<-dobj
quote<-nmod mark
mirror<-det
uncertainty<-case amod
conservative<-ccomp mark
haul<-det nmod
telecommunications<-cc conj det
ruin<-aux ccomp nsubj
company<-cop compound nmod nsubj
disk<-det amod
do<-neg advmod advcl
article<-case acl:relcl
doubter<-dep det compound
defensive<-case det nmod
line<-appos det amod
close<-dep advmod nsubj
elimination<-det nmod amod
love<-xcomp aux nsubj
one<-appos
look<-case compound
arrive<-nmod
salesman<-case cc conj
french<-det
european<-cop amod det acl:relcl neg
gesture<-amod det det:predet
Clements<-case appos compound
alter<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
impress<-auxpass nmod
Geduld<-compound
worker<-det nmod
strategy<-case det nmod amod
Qintex<-case
tax<-dep compound det amod
1841/2<-dep compound
reconsider<-mark
maker<-nummod compound amod
divorce<-advmod
quite<-nmod:npmod
prosecution<-case compound
reconsideration<-det nmod amod
navigate<-dobj mark
fee<-cc conj compound amod
retake<-auxpass dobj
release<-nmod compound
root<-cop nsubj cc nmod amod conj mark
trading<-case appos compound amod
nod<-case det nmod amod
pay<-nmod
ride<-amod advmod compound
result<-case advmod amod
number<-cop amod det nmod nsubj
file<-dep compound
cell<-dep det compound
flock<-dep auxpass nmod
pass<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
industry<-dep acl:relcl nsubj
buy<-case nmod
trade<-cc appos
trunk<-case det nmod
act<-cc cop nmod neg nsubj
drum<-compound:prt dobj nmod mark
north<-nmod:npmod cc conj nmod
bank<-compound
append<-dobj nmod mark
underwrite<-advcl nmod mark
society<-case dep nmod
more.thousands<-dep aux advmod nmod amod
brawl<-case cc conj nmod:poss nmod
unit<-case appos compound nmod:poss amod
prayer<-case cc conj
think<-nsubj cc neg ccomp aux conj
discussion<-det nmod
party<-case det
scarce<-cop advmod nsubj
need<-nmod:poss compound
Ida<-case compound
arise<-nsubj ccomp advcl
house<-acl:relcl det amod
work<-cc conj advmod nsubj
surge<-case det amod
quality<-dep det nmod amod
late<-case nmod:npmod
card<-advmod compound
meeting<-case compound det nmod amod
$<-cop nummod nmod
seem<-xcomp aux neg
almost<-nmod ccomp
have<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj
Mastergate<-case dep
result<-amod nmod compound
hire<-dep advmod dobj
play<-dep nsubj advcl dobj
compare<-dobj nmod mark
television<-case compound
1.5825<-case dep
lead<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
waiver<-case det nmod
135/8<-dep nmod compound
skim<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
people<-case dep
pact<-dep compound det amod
staff<-case det nmod
window<-case neg conj cc
tell<-advcl dobj nsubj
toy<-nmod:poss
dog<-cop det amod
he<-nsubj
lend<-cop nmod nsubj
policy<-case appos compound
1,695,000<-case appos
150,000<-case dep
defeat<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
dweller<-cop nsubj advmod det nmod mark
ATS/2<-dep
spread<-aux nsubj nmod mark
network<-case cc conj det appos
future<-case cc conj det compound
Kids<-case cc conj compound
salesperson<-case det acl
Lloyd<-case nmod
plain<-cc conj
find<-nsubj nmod advmod advcl
tell<-advmod dobj mark
legislator<-case det
squeeze<-case cc conj det compound
failure<-case cc conj compound
Traviata<-cop compound det acl:relcl amod
guard<-case nmod:poss
promising<-xcomp mark
determine<-cc aux conj advcl nsubj
have<-aux advcl dobj
risk<-nmod
Campbell<-advmod
reopen<-nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
thousand<-dep nmod
rise<-nsubj ccomp nmod mark
five<-cop nmod:tmod nmod
warn<-dobj ccomp nsubj
stun<-xcomp advmod nsubj
leave<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
reward<-dobj nmod mark
boy<-det nmod
share<-nummod amod compound
consultant<-case compound
threaten<-xcomp advcl nsubj
appear<-xcomp advmod
pay<-nmod:tmod nmod
impact<-case advmod acl:relcl
lengthy<-dep cop
hire<-nsubj advmod dobj advcl
invest<-xcomp mark
hardly<-dobj nmod nsubj
task<-case
hit<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
Fe<-case compound
allege<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
stop<-nsubj cc neg nmod mark aux conj
come<-cc conj advmod dobj mark
try<-case cop nsubj neg advmod xcomp
news<-case appos det compound
target<-amod
scream<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass
scourge<-nmod
indexation<-case
corporatism<-amod
fertilizer<-case cc conj
perform<-nsubj nmod dobj
damage<-dobj nsubj
exist<-advcl dobj
benefit<-ccomp mark
effort<-case advmod det compound
call<-cc conj advmod dobj compound:prt
Columbia<-dep
palm<-dobj compound:prt mark
worsen<-dobj mark
inquiry<-case dep nmod:poss
parent<-acl det amod
session<-case det compound
receive<-aux ccomp nsubj
boomer<-compound det amod
deal<-nsubj
fly<-case nmod
muse<-case nmod:poss amod
Regan<-case compound
trader<-case nmod compound
marry<-cc conj nmod mark
datum<-acl:relcl det amod
happy<-advcl cop advmod neg nsubj
foot<-nsubj cc nmod:tmod nmod dobj dep
cite<-advcl nsubj
Friday<-case det
holding<-case nmod:poss nmod
pound<-case nummod amod
worker<-case cc conj det
speak<-nsubj nmod advcl
Vermont-Slauson<-cc conj
interpretation<-case amod
Pearce<-amod compound
system<-case cc conj det amod
exceed<-ccomp
volunteer<-acl
fill<-nmod dobj
green<-case cc conj
citizen<-advmod det
call<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
Batibot<-dep
discussion<-cc conj amod
invest<-advmod dobj mark
extend<-aux dobj nsubj
season<-nummod
most<-dep acl
glass<-case
heavy<-cop nsubj cc advmod nmod mark
contaminate<-cop nsubj nmod advmod mark
bear<-dobj compound:prt nsubj
bid<-acl:relcl nmod
highway<-case nmod:poss amod
committee<-case
Promotion<-case
attempt<-det amod
attention<-nmod nsubj
headache<-det
pay-in-kind<-nmod:npmod compound
ticket<-nummod amod
locate<-nmod dobj
debt<-case appos compound acl:relcl amod
show<-cc dobj nsubj
railbike<-nmod amod
roll<-nsubj cc compound:prt iobj conj dobj
chute<-case acl:relcl det compound
wear<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
handle<-nsubj nmod:tmod advmod mark
fool<-cop amod mark
surface<-cc aux conj nsubj mark
divide<-parataxis aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod
waste<-xcomp nsubj neg advmod nmod dobj aux
303/4<-dep compound
stand<-case
moderate<-cop advcl
robber<-det amod
lot<-cc nmod
Expo<-case nummod det
accuse<-ccomp nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
competitor<-case nmod
about<-xcomp aux conj cc mark
spark<-auxpass nmod
go<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
prepay<-ccomp mark
radical<-case neg advmod
post<-nmod nsubj
time<-acl:relcl det
car<-case compound det amod
Staloff<-compound
Executive<-cc conj compound
tax<-case cc conj amod
Crisco<-cc conj
press<-aux nmod nsubj
foodstuff<-det
flow<-ccomp nmod nsubj
Notes<-case
influence<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
owner<-case det nmod
sublime<-appos det compound
quality<-dep
field<-case det nmod amod
revolve<-nmod dobj
chief<-dep nmod amod
interested<-cop nsubj dep nmod cc conj
rise<-case nmod
pass<-dobj nmod nsubj
A<-case cc conj nmod:poss compound
11.6<-advmod
(<-dep nsubj advmod dobj
president<-cop compound nmod amod
trophy<-dep amod
Restoration<-det compound
Brazil<-case
work<-cop det neg
edition<-det nmod amod
Faberge<-case cc conj
operation<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss compound
slate<-det nmod amod
sale<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
see<-nsubj advmod dobj advcl aux mark
need<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
financing<-case cc conj compound amod
office.He<-dep
pit<-det compound
1.09<-dep
steep<-advmod
estimate<-nmod:poss nmod compound
slip<-cc dobj nmod nsubj
44.625<-case dep
arrive<-advmod nmod nsubj
hate<-xcomp nsubj mark
flip<-xcomp dobj
father<-case compound
escort<-dobj nmod nsubj
also<-aux advmod advcl
predict<-advcl dobj
leave<-dobj advmod nsubj
high-performing<-advmod
debate<-case nmod:poss
19.95<-dep
linkage<-nmod:poss nmod amod
yield<-case advmod det
street<-case det nmod amod
say<-dep nsubj advcl
Olympia<-cc conj
write<-cc aux conj nmod nsubj
critical<-cop nsubj nmod mark
son<-det nmod amod
Protestants<-case cc conj acl:relcl det
excellent<-aux cop nmod nsubj
lead<-acl:relcl det amod
price<-cc conj advmod dobj
girl<-nmod:poss amod
capacity<-compound nmod amod
range<-cc conj det compound
%<-case cop nummod advmod
veto<-advcl aux advmod neg nsubj
requirement<-case compound det amod
miss<-cc cop conj
old<-cc conj
update<-dobj
need<-dobj advmod nsubj
44.875<-case dep nmod
effectiveness<-case nmod:poss
freon<-dep
standing<-amod
hackles<-nmod
slightly<-dep nmod
budget<-case
active<-aux advmod nmod cop
trade<-compound det det:predet
I.B.M.<-cc conj
tourist<-case cc conj advmod nmod:poss
concern<-dep case det
phase<-auxpass compound:prt nmod mark
produce<-dep iobj dobj
Force<-case det nmod compound
chore<-cc conj compound amod
queue<-case compound
Lambert<-case cc conj compound
use<-case neg dep acl:relcl
NATO<-case
16<-advmod compound
producer<-case
precedent<-det
attack<-case compound
make<-dep discourse dobj compound:prt nsubj
Inc.<-appos acl:relcl compound
apple<-advmod
safety<-dep det nmod amod
simulate<-dobj nmod nsubj
v.Hudson<-case cc conj compound
problem<-case dep nmod:poss
dune<-case det
strongly<-nmod:npmod
consider<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
mouth<-nmod:poss
spend<-nsubj dep neg advmod dobj aux mark
precise<-cop advmod
Penn<-appos compound
treat<-aux advcl nmod nsubj
carry<-ccomp nmod nsubj
concentrate<-advcl dobj nsubj
amendment<-cc acl:relcl det compound
enterprise<-cc conj amod
situation<-case det nmod
row<-case det nmod
dumb<-cop advmod ccomp nsubj
hospital<-det
stake<-nmod amod
clout<-det nmod
fraud<-case cc conj acl
much<-cop advmod nmod advcl
input<-cc conj
leverage<-case compound amod
restrain<-nmod dobj
35<-case dep conj cc
fifth<-det nmod
oregon.hearings<-case
addition<-cop nsubj advmod det nmod amod aux
dignity<-det
Dean<-appos compound
meeting<-acl:relcl det compound
swing<-det compound
pie<-case det
spurn<-dobj
experience<-acl amod
jurisdiction<-case
Zell<-case compound
Angels<-case compound amod
scare<-aux nsubj dobj compound:prt advcl
office<-dep det amod
bid<-nummod nmod:poss nmod
ragtime<-cc conj
quote<-cc dobj
liner<-case nmod compound
expectation<-case nmod:poss amod
interest<-dep amod
operation<-case acl:relcl det nmod
say<-cc dep conj ccomp nsubj
attribute<-cop det compound
Freeman<-acl:relcl compound
Line<-det amod
advance<-case nmod:poss
four<-acl:relcl
blunder<-case cc conj det
throw<-advcl
conductor<-det nmod
reject<-aux dobj neg nsubj
roadblock<-det
full<-cc conj
reader<-case compound
46,245,000<-cop dep advmod nmod cc conj
word<-advmod det
shoot<-dobj mark
Pattison<-compound
$<-case dep det nmod compound
browbeat<-advcl dobj mark
register<-nsubj dobj nmod ccomp
interest<-case cop amod det mark
entrepreneurial<-advmod
shed<-dep dobj nmod mark
company<-appos nmod:poss
master<-case det nmod compound
advantage<-advmod det amod
step<-cop det nmod
trading<-advcl aux cop amod nsubj
thousand<-advmod compound
JAL<-dep
right<-nmod:npmod
leader<-amod nmod compound
erode<-aux cop
that<-case cc conj
molecule<-acl:relcl det
region<-nmod amod
sale<-cc conj amod det compound
put<-neg nmod compound:prt auxpass nsubjpass advcl aux
figure<-compound:prt ccomp mark
Oct.<-nummod acl:relcl
route<-appos nmod:poss compound
parcel<-acl det amod
pattern<-det
famine<-cc conj
explanation<-case det nmod
sanction<-appos acl:relcl nmod amod
sweetness<-case cc conj
rise<-dep nsubj advmod mark
outlook<-case det nmod
contractor<-case
bra<-case nmod:poss compound
333/8<-dep nmod compound
echo<-case acl:relcl det nmod
settle<-dobj nsubj
cede<-auxpass nmod dobj
file<-dep advmod nmod dobj
will<-nsubj
day<-det ccomp
assumption<-compound
outlet<-dep nummod amod
publisher<-case nmod compound
decrease<-dobj nsubj
require<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
file<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
misplace<-cop nsubj
consequence<-case compound
personnel<-case compound
ad<-case amod
limit<-aux cop nsubj
president<-cop appos compound amod
barrier<-case cc conj nmod amod
Hess<-cc conj compound
testify<-advcl mark
Ltd.<-case nmod compound
Smith<-case appos compound det amod
flow<-amod
publish<-aux nmod mark
Butte<-appos compound
thing<-acl:relcl det
entangled<-nmod
20th-century<-amod
aint<-advmod nmod
hurt<-ccomp dobj
approve<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
sync<-case cop nmod
Democrat<-det nmod
provide<-nsubj nmod ccomp mark aux dobj
thing<-aux amod det advcl nsubj
rig<-xcomp nsubj dep compound:prt advcl dobj
restructuring<-case amod det compound
manufacture<-dobj nmod mark
coalition<-det amod
discourse<-cc dep conj amod
remain<-xcomp nsubj compound:prt advcl
cd<-advmod amod
yield<-dep nmod
use<-xcomp advmod
borrower<-case amod
ACLU<-cc conj
expand<-dep dobj nsubj
shuttle<-amod
Garden<-compound
fun<-cop
fallout<-det nmod
rot<-aux nmod nsubj
own<-nsubj advmod dobj nmod mark
Fed<-det nmod
show<-compound nmod:poss amod
printing<-case
wrong<-nmod:npmod cop nsubj nmod dobj
Hasbro<-case
release<-det
beef<-compound:prt dobj mark
principle<-cop det ccomp
leader<-case nmod:poss nmod
force<-compound det amod
look<-aux cop acl nmod nsubj
shield<-dobj nmod mark
annoyed<-cop advmod nmod ccomp
Ruth<-cc conj
market<-acl:relcl
add<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
manager<-det amod
Catholic<-cop det amod
move<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
comedy<-case cop det nmod nsubj
attendant<-case cc conj compound
get<-compound:prt nmod dobj
date<-cop nmod:tmod
read<-nmod ccomp
spec<-case det compound
difference<-nummod advmod
could<-nmod nsubj
sucker<-det nsubj
Charisma<-case
drinking<-amod
progress<-case amod
(<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
put<-xcomp mark
transfer<-dep nmod compound
give<-cc iobj dobj
interview<-case cc conj det
lead<-compound det amod
year<-nummod compound acl:relcl amod
calculation<-nmod:poss nmod
know<-nsubj dobj mark
perform<-nsubj neg advmod ccomp aux mark
433/8<-dep compound
read<-aux advmod dobj
situation<-dep det compound
fund<-case cop acl:relcl det nsubj
reach<-cop dep det nmod amod compound
unload<-case
sell<-aux advcl nmod mark
delay<-advcl dobj nmod mark
Dozen<-case compound
legislature<-det
rigor<-det nmod amod
tell<-dep dobj nsubj
family<-det
lead<-dep appos
ship<-cop nsubj mark
paranoia<-cc conj compound
explode<-nmod:tmod advcl
1989<-nummod
business<-case appos det nmod amod
release<-case compound amod
nettlesome<-cop advmod det nmod
attorney<-compound nmod amod
change<-compound
hope<-dep amod
south<-nmod:npmod
seize<-nsubj advmod dobj nmod:tmod mark
fly<-nsubj dobj nmod advcl
waive<-aux advmod dobj
use<-advcl nsubj dobj ccomp
orchestra<-case
investment<-cc dep nmod case amod
compete<-advmod nsubj
put<-parataxis nsubj dep advmod dobj mark
bog<-xcomp dep nmod compound:prt
level<-case cop advmod nmod:poss nmod
reinforce<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
concede<-dobj
produce<-advcl mark
reservation<-cc advmod nmod
car<-case cc conj amod
approve<-neg auxpass nsubjpass
same<-cop advmod det acl:relcl nsubj
cable<-case det compound
rush<-cop advcl nmod nsubj
practical<-cop neg
accusation<-cop nsubj advcl advmod ccomp compound aux
throw<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
interested<-dep neg ccomp auxpass nsubjpass mark
bank<-case nummod det
reason<-cop nummod acl:relcl
move<-appos compound nmod amod
JMB<-dep nsubj
finance<-cop nmod nsubj
22.50<-dep acl
resurrect<-nsubj advmod dobj nmod mark
review<-dobj
1507.37<-case
Zaishuo<-appos compound
speculation<-case acl:relcl det
critic<-cc det ccomp
eject<-nmod
resell<-cc conj nmod dobj
stake<-nmod:poss nmod
obstacle<-nummod nmod
monitor<-cc aux advmod dobj neg
Lidgerwood<-nmod compound
ground<-dep det nmod
reason<-advcl neg compound nmod amod
Goodson<-cc conj advmod compound
fall<-dep nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
roughneck<-appos
thief<-neg compound amod
lead<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
write<-dep aux dobj nmod nsubj
figure<-nsubj dep neg compound:prt mark aux dobj
a<-case acl:relcl det
task<-case cop nsubj det compound:prt mark
diversification<-amod
estimate<-cc conj nmod nsubj
bet<-aux nmod nsubj
provide<-nmod:tmod nsubj
revolution<-dep det compound
lead<-ccomp nmod compound:prt
workstation<-case det amod
whack<-aux nmod nsubj
matter<-nsubj ccomp mark
Counsel<-case det nmod compound
Shrontz<-compound
take<-aux compound:prt nmod:tmod nmod mark
british<-dep advmod dobj
close<-dobj iobj mark
security<-compound
know<-neg dobj
portray<-aux nsubj nmod neg mark
address<-nsubj neg dobj advcl aux mark
care<-case amod
market<-cop nsubj nmod:poss advmod mark
pend<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
covenant<-case cc conj det nmod
oppose<-aux ccomp nsubj
shelter<-case det compound
transporter<-compound det amod
intone<-ccomp nmod nsubj
shovel<-det
vacuum<-det amod
yearbook<-compound
why<-dep
offer<-advcl dobj nmod mark
program<-case cc conj amod
mayoralty<-det
Hollinger<-compound
school<-case compound
make<-nsubj dep neg advmod dobj advcl aux
valuable<-cop nsubj advmod nmod advcl aux
elect<-aux nmod nsubj
partner<-nummod
own<-cc cop conj nsubj mark
resolution<-xcomp auxpass advmod expl
frame<-cop nsubj nmod advmod mark
Menuhin<-case compound
News<-acl:relcl compound
disorder<-det
Carlton<-case appos compound
leave<-aux nsubj dobj advcl mark
)<-auxpass nsubjpass ccomp
worry<-cc advcl advmod nsubj
NESB<-case
need<-advcl aux nsubj advmod mark
CIA<-cc conj det
price<-advmod nmod:poss compound
act<-dobj nmod nsubj
sideline<-cop advmod ccomp
acquire<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
increase<-advcl aux dobj neg nsubj
loan<-case cop compound mark
basis<-cop amod det nmod neg
achieve<-aux nsubj advmod mark
ocean<-case acl:relcl
range<-case dep det amod cc conj
role<-case nmod
compensate<-nmod mark
killer<-case cc conj nmod
Volokh<-case cc conj compound
kind<-mwe
nation<-case compound advmod amod
ship<-nmod
waiver<-det
supremacy<-case det acl
option-related<-cop mark
honesty<-case det
Truffaut<-case nmod
municipal<-cc conj
keep<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
abortion<-case dep
Kozinski<-case compound
double<-nmod:npmod
book<-case det nmod amod
development<-case compound amod
friend<-cc dep conj appos amod
equipment<-case dep compound amod
secret<-det compound
pill<-cop compound amod det nsubj
time-sensitive<-advmod
hundred<-dep nmod
overseas<-case nmod
screen<-dobj nmod mark
accommodate<-ccomp nsubj
economy<-dep cop nsubj
force<-det amod
challenge<-amod
license<-nmod
modest<-cop
Simpson<-dep cc conj compound
treat<-case
follow<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
grant<-case det
interesting<-cop cc advmod nmod dep conj
dealings<-case nmod amod
purchase<-acl:relcl det amod
dramatic<-cc conj
section<-nmod compound
totally<-dep aux cop nmod nsubj
deputy<-case compound
uphold<-aux cop advcl nsubj
delivery<-det
449.89<-case
is.No<-dep dobj nsubj
workman<-det
drop<-case det nmod compound
giant<-det nmod
eat<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
setback<-case acl:relcl det
unregulated<-advmod
steal<-nsubj cc advmod nmod ccomp aux conj mark
spend<-advmod nmod mark
powerhouse<-case det
pediatrician<-det
reminder<-cop appos advmod det nmod
prevail<-auxpass nsubjpass ccomp
issue<-dep nummod
located<-advmod
catch<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
request<-dep nmod:poss
rights<-nmod:poss compound
B<-compound
830,000<-case
licensing<-dep case conj cc
cut<-xcomp
number<-cop
nation<-case compound
foreigner<-dep advmod nmod dobj
outshine<-aux dobj nsubj
regain<-xcomp cc conj nsubj mark
tracking<-case amod
corrupt<-dep cop nsubj advmod mark
203/4<-dep compound
chelicerate<-amod
watch<-advcl advmod nmod nsubj
4.05<-dep
select<-aux dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
court<-aux advmod dobj
possibility<-cop ccomp det amod
b2<-case nmod
billing<-amod
interpret<-ccomp nmod dobj
translation<-compound nmod amod
reluctance<-case nmod:poss acl
792<-case dep
one-third<-cop advmod
470.80<-case appos
Records<-case cc conj compound
range<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
act<-case cc conj amod
Hibben<-acl:relcl compound
Express<-case cc conj compound
tanker<-det nmod ccomp
show<-dep
Soviet<-det compound
diet<-case cc conj
increase<-cop amod det nmod nsubj
screed<-case det amod
hustings<-case det acl
assume<-xcomp dobj
hire<-compound det amod
score<-nsubj advmod nmod mark
bond<-case det nmod
contract<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss compound
Aviv<-case cc conj compound
Wang<-appos compound
back<-aux nsubj nmod mark
charge<-nmod nsubj
complete<-cc conj dobj
build<-dobj nmod advmod mark
learning<-case amod
totter<-nmod compound:prt
company<-appos det amod
run<-ccomp advmod nsubj
make<-xcomp dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
Jews<-case amod
help<-compound amod
atom<-case compound
drop<-cc conj dobj
disaster<-cop nsubj cc det amod conj mark
fanatic<-nmod
Exchange<-case cop nsubj advcl det mark compound
Vanourek<-dep compound
prove<-xcomp aux nsubj advmod mark
masterfully<-advmod
computer<-case cc conj nmod:poss
appear<-nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
Saturday<-nmod
agency<-compound nmod amod
tax<-compound nmod nsubj
scrap<-dobj
value<-advmod nmod:poss
audacity<-case nmod:poss
think<-parataxis ccomp nsubj
video<-det
form<-case cc conj det nmod
Dolan<-case compound
mother<-dep det compound
recital<-dep det nmod amod
rigid<-nmod
schedule<-nmod:poss nmod
Xtra<-case
traffic<-case det compound
shore<-xcomp mark compound:prt dobj
follow<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj aux mark
achievement<-nsubj
persist<-dep auxpass nsubjpass nmod
vehicle<-det det:predet
give<-cc conj compound:prt dobj nsubj
bid<-compound nmod:poss amod
Novick<-amod compound
discover<-advmod
string<-det nmod amod
network<-dep compound nmod:poss amod
Rome<-case
series<-case det amod
linebacker<-case cc conj
cut<-acl:relcl det compound
Neiman-Marcus<-cc conj
segment<-case det
leader<-case det compound
Texas<-cc conj
busier<-cop nsubj dobj nmod mark
display<-dobj mark
lose<-xcomp advcl advmod nsubj
limit<-nmod amod
case<-nummod nmod
pass<-aux nsubj ccomp advcl
pub<-case acl:relcl
single-b-plus<-nmod
achieve<-parataxis ccomp nsubj
target<-xcomp
minister<-det nmod compound
bring<-ccomp mark
worry<-dep aux advmod nsubj
announcement<-det amod
Girl<-cc conj det compound
Phoenix<-dep cc
put<-dep auxpass nmod
guru<-acl:relcl det amod
finger<-advmod dobj mark
doctor<-case nmod:poss amod
pump<-case cc det acl compound conj
unfairly<-advmod
boardroom<-det nmod
take<-nsubj dep nmod compound:prt aux dobj
determine<-aux advcl neg nsubj
Lynch<-case
steal<-cc conj dobj mark
pour<-aux nmod nsubj
rate<-appos compound amod
sell<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
libel<-ccomp nsubj
see<-cc dobj nsubj
market-opening<-nsubj cc nmod dobj conj mark
he<-case cc conj amod
Sinfonia<-det compound
inning<-case nummod
talk<-xcomp
close<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
fight<-aux nmod dobj
exasperation<-case
auction<-case nmod:poss amod
loan<-dep det amod
ready<-xcomp advmod
Show<-det compound
firm<-cop dep advmod nmod dobj cc conj
season<-case acl:relcl det
Phillips<-appos compound
tumble<-det compound
645<-dep nummod acl
intensify<-advcl dobj mark
patrol<-case nmod compound
Isacsson<-nmod compound
president<-dep nmod amod cc compound conj
tell<-aux nsubj dobj advcl
package<-compound det nmod amod
have<-parataxis advmod dobj nmod nsubj
presage<-cc aux dobj neg
attract<-nsubj advcl nmod dobj
campaign<-case nmod:poss nmod
selling<-advmod nmod nsubj
pillar<-case det nmod
993/4<-case
Lyman<-compound
adopt<-advcl nsubj
worthy<-cc aux conj cop nsubj
Shearson<-case cc conj
wallpaper<-amod
give<-xcomp aux dobj neg nsubj
run-up<-det nmod
drive<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
dog<-dep cop nmod
driver<-det compound
Eidsmo<-compound
support<-case cc nmod amod conj nmod:poss
78,600<-case
SunGard<-case
rescission<-case
absence<-case
remind<-ccomp nsubj
Dealers<-case compound
big<-xcomp cop advmod neg nsubj
coyote<-det nmod
opportunity<-dep det
$<-cop nsubj nummod nmod mark aux
hold<-nsubj compound:prt nmod mark
meat<-case cc conj
man<-compound nmod:poss amod
inception<-case nmod:poss
wheat<-dep
coordinate<-cc conj dobj mark
tax<-appos det amod
pride<-det nmod
outlast<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
blow<-case det amod
surge<-nmod mark
batter<-auxpass nmod
violation<-case neg
believe<-aux nmod neg nsubj
perform<-aux advmod nmod neg nsubj
project<-nmod:poss amod
Young<-case cc conj
chord<-det
Hess<-case compound
virtuoso<-case compound
pay<-case det compound
pull<-aux dobj nmod advmod nsubj
coated<-cc conj
staff<-nmod nsubj
tour<-compound det amod
overhead<-compound
visible<-advcl nsubj
case<-cop nsubj det acl:relcl mark
soar<-advcl mark
holder<-case cc conj compound
Journal<-case cc det acl:relcl compound conj
today<-cop nsubj nmod mark acl:relcl compound
depress<-dobj nmod mark
non-violent<-cc cop conj
junk<-case compound
ski<-cc aux conj compound:prt nsubj
August<-case cop nummod nsubj mark
decision<-dep acl:relcl det compound
retailer<-cop nsubj cc det amod conj
compensation<-case appos amod
thing<-nummod acl:relcl nmod
job<-nummod amod
begin<-xcomp nmod:tmod nsubj
company<-compound det acl:relcl amod
student<-case cc dep advmod compound
brutality<-case amod
pre-test<-nmod
Microsoft<-dep
woman<-det nmod amod
revolution<-det
dispersant<-det
splint<-aux nsubj nmod mark
crumble<-aux advmod nsubj
981/4<-case
make<-nsubj nmod dobj
Boesky<-dep compound
soviet<-nummod
Dorfman<-appos compound
match<-dobj iobj nsubj
811/2<-dep compound
cash<-case advmod
interview<-case appos det
provide<-cc aux conj nmod dobj
312<-case det amod
drive<-cc aux conj nmod nsubj
Ralph<-cc conj
own<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
stay<-cc dep conj dobj nsubj
siphon<-dep auxpass nsubjpass nmod advcl
argue<-cc ccomp nsubj
cheer<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
no<-advmod
security<-dep nmod
more<-cop advmod nmod
agreement<-nmod:poss acl
rank<-nmod:poss
move<-nsubj ccomp advcl
polyp<-case
magazine<-advmod det
Newsom<-case compound
refurbish<-nmod
tremor<-compound
presumption<-det nmod amod
seize<-advcl nmod:tmod dobj
box<-amod
school<-det nmod compound
head<-nmod mark
stake<-compound nmod:poss amod
follow<-aux advcl nmod nsubj
renounce<-dobj mark
$<-nummod appos nmod amod
Espre<-case
implantation<-cc conj
crapshoot<-cop det
income<-case appos det nmod
contain<-mark dobj advcl
dose<-det nmod amod
see<-cc conj ccomp
mean<-xcomp nsubj dep dobj aux mark
resource<-det
drop<-case dep amod
allow<-parataxis dobj nsubj
estate<-case advcl det amod
Chinese<-case det
gain<-nmod:poss amod
bearing<-det nmod
notice<-aux ccomp neg nsubj
clerk<-case
explain<-parataxis advcl advmod mark
reorganization<-det nmod
compromise<-case
attract<-advmod dobj nsubj
insert<-parataxis dobj nmod nsubj
Redford<-dep compound
start<-cc acl:relcl det compound
attorney<-appos nmod:poss
use<-aux cop acl nmod nsubj
date<-det nmod
Peripherals<-dep compound
calculator<-dep
profit<-dobj nmod mark
boss<-case amod
technology<-case compound
painful<-advmod nmod nsubj
headquarters<-case acl:relcl det
service<-advmod amod
have<-dep nmod ccomp
separate<-nmod
measure<-det acl
release<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
guarantee<-cop nmod
design<-cop advmod acl:relcl nsubj
see<-case aux advmod nsubj
deck<-case det nmod amod
Atkins<-appos compound
keep<-aux nsubj compound:prt dobj mark
want<-nsubj advmod dobj
regulation<-case compound
limit<-cop nsubj nmod:tmod nmod mark aux
stymie<-cop advmod nmod
flight<-cop det nmod amod
invest<-dobj
get<-neg advmod
plant<-advmod det amod
craft<-case det
fall<-compound amod
%<-cc cop nummod nmod mark
fell<-dep nmod
tell<-neg nsubj dobj nmod mark
utility<-case det nmod compound
couple<-acl:relcl nmod amod
pick<-nsubj advmod nmod compound:prt aux dobj
light<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
inject<-nmod nsubj
movie<-dep nummod acl:relcl advmod compound
time<-case dep conj cc
begin<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
process<-case acl:relcl det amod
march<-compound
word<-case det amod
caller<-case nmod amod
weapon<-case appos amod
June<-case dep nummod advmod
drop<-case
Honecker<-cc conj compound
line<-cc acl:relcl compound
silver<-dep det
detect<-cc conj dobj nmod mark
native<-cop compound nsubj det mark
company<-compound nmod:poss acl:relcl amod
anticipation<-case dep nmod
not<-advmod nmod
table<-cc conj acl:relcl
soul<-cop acl:relcl det amod
remark<-acl amod
feature<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
481,000<-case
crime<-case dep
solve<-aux nsubj
catch<-aux nsubj dobj advcl
renew<-ccomp dobj
Minnesota<-cc conj
control<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
part<-acl:relcl det nmod
lure<-auxpass nmod
know<-dobj ccomp mark
investor<-acl:relcl nmod compound
take<-cc dep conj advmod dobj
limited<-cc nmod:tmod dobj auxpass expl conj
inch<-case nummod det
flash<-advmod compound:prt nmod dobj
rights<-case nmod:poss
grower<-case compound
accomplishment<-det amod
part<-cop advmod nmod neg nsubj
gyration<-nmod:poss
style<-acl:relcl det compound
disaster<-case nummod det
get<-dep parataxis dobj nsubj
damages<-case det
send<-parataxis nsubj cc ccomp mark conj dobj
TransCanada<-case
offering<-cc aux ccomp nsubj
pregnant<-cop nsubj
variation<-amod
policy<-case cc conj nmod:poss nmod
Francis<-cc conj cc:preconj acl:relcl compound
look<-dep det nmod amod
invest<-cc conj advmod dobj mark
do<-cc dep ccomp
resurrect<-cc advmod dobj nmod nsubj
yesterday<-nmod:poss compound
urge<-xcomp nmod dobj
sell<-case dep conj cc
pollinate<-cc auxpass advmod nsubjpass conj
contrary<-det nmod
allow<-nsubj nmod dobj
concede<-nsubj ccomp
have<-cc aux advmod csubj ccomp
1.5940<-case dep conj cc
chief<-nmod amod
art<-case compound
figure<-advmod nmod nsubj
option<-case cc conj
Ga.<-case compound
apply<-dep parataxis advmod
manager<-case acl:relcl det
sale<-dep cop xcomp case nsubj
author<-nmod
drop<-advmod dobj nsubj
other<-dep det
hold<-aux nsubj advmod dobj
play<-nsubj dobj
average<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
Vellante<-appos compound
unable<-xcomp aux cop
improve<-dep ccomp
recover<-dobj
source<-compound nmod amod
means<-nmod amod
helicopter<-case det nmod
ramp<-advmod
aid<-case nmod compound
drain<-cop advmod ccomp
account<-nsubj nmod mark
show<-cc ccomp
regard<-nsubj cc advmod dobj aux conj
Rostenkowski<-case compound
plow<-auxpass advmod nmod compound:prt
home-sharing<-case
play<-xcomp nsubj advmod ccomp
lie<-compound:prt nsubj
dominate<-dobj
pimp<-cc conj acl:relcl det nmod
stick<-dobj compound:prt nmod mark
bystander<-amod
mark<-acl:relcl nmod compound
dilute<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj
year<-cop advmod det amod nsubj
start<-case
plant<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
own<-dep nsubj dobj mark
Whitbread<-dep
build<-aux nsubj nmod neg mark
arm<-appos nmod:poss amod
turbine<-case
crush<-dobj mark
herself<-nmod
Partnership<-compound
181/2<-dep compound
asset<-compound amod
farmer<-case cc conj amod
Pilevsky<-acl:relcl compound
100<-dep nmod compound
6.40<-nmod
detect<-dobj nsubj
attitude<-cop det amod
publish<-nmod:tmod
admit<-dep advcl dobj nmod:tmod ccomp
pressure<-case aux det advcl
many<-acl:relcl
intend<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
severity<-case det nmod
tangle<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod compound:prt
venture<-compound
broker-dealer<-case det compound
look<-cop advmod acl nsubj
return<-acl:relcl nmod amod
Fabi<-compound
promotion<-cop amod det neg nsubj
line-up<-nmod:poss nmod
owner-bred<-ccomp nsubj
insist<-cc ccomp nsubj
attempt<-aux dobj neg nsubj
propose<-xcomp
charge<-xcomp nsubj advcl
decide<-aux nsubj ccomp mark
scrutinize<-auxpass nsubjpass dobj
rhododendron<-case cc conj det
price<-cop nmod acl
kicker<-det
carry<-dobj nmod mark
megaquestion<-cc cop compound nmod nsubj
power<-nmod amod
firm<-cc conj det nmod amod
signature<-dep
imperialist<-case cc conj det
overhaul<-dobj nmod mark
DaPuzzo<-compound
adopt<-xcomp advcl nsubj mark
include<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
debate<-case nmod
little<-xcomp aux advmod cop
s<-cc case conj det
remain<-xcomp aux advmod nmod nsubj
Chancellor<-nmod amod
green<-cop nmod nsubj
nobody<-det
those<-case cc conj
Francisco-Oakland<-amod
risk<-dep acl:relcl det
MiniScribe<-dep
role<-advmod det nmod
cough<-cc conj
fallout<-case nmod amod
sweet<-dep cop advmod nmod nsubj
raise<-case cc conj det compound
run<-aux nsubj advmod compound:prt mark
ignore<-dobj nmod nsubj
deterrent<-cop det nmod amod
dress<-xcomp mark
time<-case nmod:poss
news<-det nmod
bovine<-advmod
impress<-cop advmod nmod ccomp
path<-case det nmod
hill<-case det
discrimination<-det
ride<-case advmod det nmod
Emerson<-cc conj amod compound
crawl<-dep cop nmod nsubj
holding<-det amod
WPP<-dep
say<-cc aux conj ccomp nsubj
slower<-nmod:npmod cop ccomp mark
do<-xcomp aux advmod nmod nsubj
seem<-advmod advcl
Osaka<-case amod
slip<-aux dobj nmod mark
monumental<-cop
give<-advmod iobj dobj
profitable<-cop advmod nmod neg nsubj
push<-aux advmod dobj
raise<-det
decision<-case det nmod compound
Doubleday<-compound
leader<-det nmod
net<-det
market<-compound det advmod amod
index<-nmod:poss nmod
bidder<-nummod ccomp amod
more<-acl
draw<-compound:prt dobj mark
relate<-xcomp nsubj mark
cut<-dep compound det amod
strip<-nsubj cc advmod dobj advcl conj mark
Ltd<-compound
scan<-nmod dobj
sell<-aux ccomp
base<-xcomp nsubj
industry<-nmod:poss compound
complain<-cc conj advcl mark
state<-cop advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
insurer<-cc conj nmod:poss amod
concern<-case acl:relcl amod
Kohl<-advmod compound
yard<-advcl cop mark advmod nsubj
package<-cc conj nmod dobj
pay<-aux compound:prt advcl nsubj
legislation<-compound
partner<-appos det amod
over<-cop advmod advcl
locate<-aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
Lerman<-appos compound
chord<-case acl:relcl det amod
unclassified<-amod
smaller<-cop nsubj nmod mark
debacle<-case nummod compound
monitor<-parataxis advmod dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
damage<-cop nsubj cc neg aux conj
indifferent<-xcomp cop nsubj cc mark conj
note<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
Wah<-cc conj compound
suspend<-xcomp
idea<-dep
hardware<-case nmod:poss
reduce<-xcomp aux dep nmod dobj
arrive<-aux nsubj nmod advmod mark
criterion<-case
represent<-xcomp nsubj mark
regain<-ccomp nsubj
hint<-nmod mark
experiment<-case det compound
guy<-cop acl:relcl det
bring<-ccomp
make<-aux nmod:tmod advcl
hand<-case cop nsubj
wire<-case compound
issue<-cop det
period<-acl:relcl det
perform<-xcomp mark
mad<-cop advcl mark
and<-advcl
extend<-advmod dobj
apply<-dep advmod nmod mark
put<-ccomp mark
Guards<-compound
Northeast<-cc conj
write<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
open<-cop nmod nsubj
instructive<-cop
Brown<-case cc conj compound
bet<-auxpass nsubjpass ccomp
outperform<-aux nmod ccomp
Products<-case compound
bag<-compound
sign<-dep det amod
fire<-case cc conj det
end<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj conj
confident<-cop nsubj
get<-advcl nsubj ccomp mark
undermine<-dobj ccomp mark
extension<-amod
valve<-compound
know<-aux nsubj neg mark
cooler<-compound det amod
Montbrial<-appos amod compound
clean<-dobj nmod compound:prt
hour<-cc conj det
Corp.<-case cc appos conj compound
Sonata<-det
consult<-dobj nmod mark
argument<-cop det nmod
group<-dep cop det amod
exchange<-case acl:relcl det
investor<-det nmod
apply<-case
payment<-cc conj acl:relcl det amod
foot<-dep nummod amod
put<-aux compound:prt dobj nsubj
sell-off<-det nmod
discover<-cop nsubj ccomp nmod mark
availability<-cc conj
Day<-case det nmod compound
Dilzem<-appos
lower<-aux cop nmod advmod nsubj
matter<-cop det nmod amod
assume<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
claim<-ccomp nmod:tmod nsubj
leader<-case dep appos det nmod amod compound
Roulac<-case compound
center<-case det nmod compound
lead<-compound:prt nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
mature<-cc cop conj nsubj
equate<-nmod dobj
manager<-acl:relcl
truck<-case nmod compound
package<-case det
capable<-cc cop conj advcl
go<-cop nmod
Republicans<-acl compound
crime<-dep cc conj
transvestite<-case cc conj
Insurance<-case
examiner<-nmod
thumb<-compound amod
hostage<-dep cop advmod nmod nsubj
20<-case dep nmod compound
ascribe<-nsubj ccomp mark
receive<-xcomp dobj
hope<-cop advmod nmod
Cristiani<-case aux compound nsubj
software<-case nmod compound
single-a<-cop det nmod compound
expand<-aux advcl dobj
such<-dep cop neg nsubj
load<-case det nmod amod
4.56<-dep
wheelbase<-case xcomp
adopt<-nsubj iobj dobj mark
size<-case dep det nmod
Texas<-dep
1.125<-case dep
deep<-cop nsubj neg advmod mark advcl
sustain<-dep dobj nsubj
cite<-xcomp dobj nmod nsubj
suspect<-det nmod amod
study<-cop cc det amod acl:relcl conj
enforce<-xcomp dobj mark
official<-dep det amod
chain<-case cc det amod compound conj
debris<-amod
go<-case compound det nmod amod
run<-mark
star<-det
Northwest<-case det compound
want<-nsubj advmod ccomp mark
Ruder<-case compound
get<-aux nsubj advmod advcl
reserve<-nmod nsubj
China<-case amod
fund<-nmod:poss compound
decision<-case det compound
make<-xcomp nsubj cc ccomp aux conj
covet<-dobj
week<-case advmod amod
likely<-xcomp cop nsubj neg nmod mark
Lorenzo<-cc conj compound
bell<-case det compound
Melloan<-dep appos compound
insist<-nmod
move<-advmod nmod amod
B<-case dep amod cc compound conj
write<-auxpass nmod
message<-nmod
target<-case nummod
Angels<-case det compound
begin<-nmod:tmod mark
58<-case dep
abuse<-case amod
pay<-aux advmod ccomp nsubj
family<-nmod:poss nmod amod
rivalry<-nmod
shape<-case cop nsubj cc advmod amod conj
maker<-acl:relcl compound
use<-case dep nmod amod
tarnish<-dep cop nsubj mark
competition<-det nmod amod
traveler<-compound
Dworkin<-case compound amod
radical<-advmod
pull<-compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
Mobil<-cc conj
slab<-case det nmod amod
slump<-case det
Province<-case det compound
smaller<-dep cop advmod nsubj
Jihad<-case acl:relcl compound
loan<-dep det
year<-cc acl:relcl amod
family<-acl:relcl
27,000<-advmod
budget<-case compound
see<-advcl dobj advmod mark
Neal<-case compound
Bates<-nmod
smoking<-case nmod
increase<-cc dep conj nmod dobj
aim<-xcomp nsubj mark
aggressive<-aux cop nmod advmod nsubj
agent<-case compound det amod
change<-case dep amod
affect<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
percent<-case det nmod
save<-aux dobj iobj nmod nsubj
flow<-compound det amod
point<-nmod:poss
bank<-neg det amod
ride<-aux compound:prt dobj nsubj
captain<-det compound
understand<-cc conj ccomp advmod mark
industry<-case acl:relcl det compound
Opera<-case det compound
create<-xcomp nmod:tmod nsubj
approach<-case nmod:poss
crush<-det amod
exposure<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
renegotiate<-aux advmod ccomp cop
morning<-case nummod compound
economy<-case amod
come<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
%<-nmod:npmod advmod compound
election<-nmod amod
13<-advmod nmod
undermine<-advmod dobj
solution<-dep nmod
tumble<-compound
catch<-xcomp
worst<-nmod
assume<-nsubj advcl ccomp mark
manufacture<-dobj nmod nsubj
normally<-neg
rename<-dep cop nsubj
work<-xcomp advmod mark
content<-det nmod compound
level<-case nummod nmod:poss amod
file<-nsubj nmod mark
megabyte<-case dep nummod nmod
140<-dep advmod
time<-cop amod det acl:relcl neg
invest<-cc cop nummod conj nmod
open<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj conj
consortium<-case det
name<-cc conj nmod:poss
exception<-case nmod compound
fine<-det nmod
close-up<-cop appos advmod amod neg
example<-dep nummod
discourage<-nmod dobj
recover<-case aux nsubj advmod mark
leave<-aux dobj advmod nsubj
profit<-nsubj cc advmod dobj aux conj
Fiesta<-compound det acl:relcl amod
concentrate<-cc conj advcl nmod mark
declare<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
hearing<-ccomp mark
sale<-appos compound det nmod amod
process<-appos det nmod amod
important<-cop nmod ccomp
PaineWebber<-dep
barometer<-cop nsubj det nmod amod aux
inequality<-det
Legent<-case
output<-dep amod
endure<-dobj nmod mark
way<-dep cop advmod det acl:relcl
process<-case appos det amod
drug<-case nummod det appos
seller<-det nmod amod
5,810<-case cop advmod
interpreter<-amod det nmod nsubj
}<-case nmod
concern<-case appos det compound
friendly<-cop advmod
avoid<-dep nmod nsubj
squabble<-case cc conj amod
can<-case dep nummod nmod
attack<-case cop nsubj cc advmod nmod
survive<-aux
hold<-advmod dobj compound:prt
tour<-case det nmod
follow<-cc neg nmod dobj conj mark
Trust<-acl:relcl compound
Fox<-case
fool.but<-det amod
barrel<-case dep
sacrifice<-dobj mark
rate<-case appos compound det amod
complainant<-case appos det amod
failure<-det nmod
particularly<-dep
February<-case nmod
season<-case nummod det nmod amod
bit<-advmod det nmod amod
price<-cop compound acl nmod nsubj
pressure<-case acl:relcl det
play<-cc aux dobj nsubj
retailing<-case amod
put<-dep nsubj dobj nmod mark
cause<-xcomp nsubj
barter<-cop nmod
wary<-cop advmod advcl
Service<-case nmod compound
close<-cop nsubj mark
Cards<-case nmod:poss nmod compound
true<-ccomp
urge<-nsubj dobj mark
untrustworthy<-dep cop advmod
number<-dep det nmod compound
brand<-case aux compound nmod amod
%<-cop nummod nmod:tmod nmod
Spielvogel<-case dep conj cc
performance<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
be<-advcl mark
magistrate<-det nmod
equipment<-dep det amod
prove<-xcomp nsubj dep nmod dobj aux
concern<-case nmod:poss nmod
creator<-cc cop conj mark
stock<-dep nmod:poss nmod compound
slow<-aux nsubj dobj mark
engineering<-cc conj compound
perform<-aux nmod
trade<-dep det compound
carrier<-advmod det
send<-dobj compound:prt
better<-cc cop ccomp nmod nsubj
remain<-ccomp
eat<-ccomp nsubj
sandwich<-case advmod
release<-nmod:poss nmod
end<-dep compound det nmod amod
Dubinsky<-compound
strategist<-compound
think<-xcomp aux advmod neg
refugee<-dep cop
perception<-case det nmod
FCC<-case det
December<-cc conj
Jamaica<-case cc conj
measure<-dobj mark
deadline<-case det compound
telescope<-appos det compound
raise<-xcomp aux
negligence<-cc conj
legislation<-case nmod
join<-cc nsubj dobj advcl
war<-case
probe<-acl:relcl det
331/4<-dep compound
loan<-case cc conj nmod amod
value<-acl:relcl
desperate<-advmod
stay<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
signing<-case det nmod
bird<-case
watch<-dobj iobj nsubj
work<-cc conj nsubj nmod ccomp
discussion<-case det nmod compound
District<-dep det nmod
break<-aux compound:prt dobj neg nsubj
do<-cc conj advmod mark
walk<-compound:prt nmod mark
A<-case nmod compound
sample<-det nmod amod
benefit<-det nmod det:predet
copper<-case nmod amod
probe<-case dep compound det amod
illustration<-nmod amod
job<-case compound
business<-cc conj nmod compound
installation<-case nmod amod
verify<-cc conj dobj mark
fire<-cop nsubj cc neg advmod conj
141/4<-case
trader<-dep appos compound
month<-advmod det amod
negligence<-cop nsubj cc nmod amod conj
space<-nummod compound
drive<-cc conj dobj
shake<-nsubj dobj compound:prt mark
identify<-aux nsubj neg mark
launch<-det amod
Poindexter<-compound
standards.norms<-case dep
18.75<-case dep
mouse<-amod
pig<-case compound
get<-nsubj advmod ccomp nmod compound:prt aux mark
begin<-xcomp nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
affect<-nmod dobj
divide<-amod compound
span<-case
count<-cop nmod
manage<-xcomp nsubj advmod mark
year<-parataxis cop nsubj cc nummod conj
testimony<-appos nmod
Orleans<-case compound
buy<-ccomp nmod nsubj
soviet<-case det amod
work<-cc nsubj advmod conj mark
gauge<-dobj mark
begin<-xcomp advcl
passel<-det nmod
established<-dep advmod mark cc auxpass nsubjpass conj
motion<-det nmod amod
Hurley<-compound
change<-aux dobj advmod nsubj
climb<-case det amod
circumvent<-aux advmod nmod dobj
pottery<-case compound
Fargo<-cc dep conj nmod compound
think<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
day<-dep nummod nmod compound
Cattle<-dep nsubj
Catholics<-case cc conj
9.625<-case dep advmod
load<-case compound nmod:poss amod
human-rights<-compound det amod
place<-nmod:poss nmod compound
whipping<-nmod dobj
steal<-advmod dobj
paycheck<-compound nmod amod
underscore<-advcl nsubj
know<-nmod:tmod nmod
unheard<-cop nsubj dep advmod cc conj
increase<-cc conj nmod dobj
check<-case nmod:poss nmod
apparent<-cop nsubj ccomp mark
launch<-xcomp nsubj advmod nmod:tmod dobj aux
election<-case nummod det compound
fake<-case
distribute<-cc auxpass nsubjpass conj nmod
surpass<-nsubj
trip<-cop neg nsubj
fill<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
intend<-xcomp cop
carcinogen<-det amod
Gorbachev<-case nmod compound
Southwest<-case cc conj det
bid<-cc advmod nmod dobj dep aux
regulation<-nmod:poss nmod amod
politician<-case cc conj compound
Marriott<-acl:relcl
Europeans<-case nummod amod
available<-advmod nsubj
devastate<-compound amod
reduce<-nsubj cc dobj aux conj mark
benefit<-aux nsubj advcl mark
business<-case advmod det nmod compound
scope<-case det
Protocol<-det compound
system<-cop acl:relcl det
enter<-case
repay<-xcomp cc conj mark
Harbor<-compound
prevail<-aux nsubj nmod dobj
rare<-cc conj
optimistic<-advmod
rank<-dep advmod nsubj
conspire<-xcomp advmod nsubj
$<-case dep nummod advmod cc conj
Czechoslovakia<-case dep
alter<-cc conj nsubj dobj mark
beast<-det
possess<-dobj nsubj
editorial<-dobj nsubj
cite<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
approve<-xcomp aux mark
quotation<-dep amod
incur<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
occupy<-nmod:npmod aux cop advmod nsubj
include<-nsubj advmod dobj mark
Ireland<-dep cop nsubj
yield<-case nmod
detector<-case compound
pull<-cc conj nmod nsubj
Friday<-case appos
McKinney<-compound
phase<-nmod:poss amod
mean<-xcomp nsubj advmod mark
weight<-appos amod
FCC<-dep det
absorb<-xcomp mark
cents.according<-case nummod
chart<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
yardwork<-cc conj
strength<-nmod amod
worried<-nmod
refinery<-case det
detail<-case amod acl compound
point<-dep amod
pullout<-case compound det nmod amod
repair<-aux cop neg nsubj
human<-case det compound
raise<-dobj nmod:tmod advmod mark
6.24<-advmod
company<-case nummod det compound
call<-nsubj nmod dobj
brand<-compound det nmod amod
Tiffany<-case cc conj nmod
standard<-nmod nsubj
16.40<-dep
apartment<-det
scuttle<-aux advcl dobj
far<-cop nsubj advcl mark
several<-advmod nmod
mark<-dobj nsubj
beach<-case det nmod
Semiconductor<-compound
anti-abortionist<-dep det
necessary<-xcomp cop conj cc nsubj
complication<-cop det amod
dish<-case cc det amod compound conj
process<-dep acl:relcl det compound
confirm<-xcomp nsubj
refund<-case det
Malcolm<-appos
success<-nmod amod
flaw<-amod
concerned<-cop advmod advcl
chip<-parataxis cop nmod:poss nmod amod
know<-neg ccomp nsubj
suspension<-amod
taxable<-cop nsubj mark
investor<-dep advmod det amod
director<-dep nmod
proud<-cc conj advmod
disclose<-neg ccomp mark
lease<-det
flesh<-case acl:relcl det
lira<-cop nummod nmod
peer<-nmod advcl
rider<-case dep conj cc
happening<-case amod nmod compound
restriction<-acl:relcl nmod
concern<-amod det det:predet
cone<-dep amod nmod compound
diminish<-aux cop nmod advmod nsubj
corporation-socialist<-cc conj nmod
offset<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
disastrous<-cop nsubj advmod nmod mark aux
largely<-nmod
conduct<-case nmod amod
emblematic<-dep aux cop nmod nsubj
chit<-compound det acl:relcl amod
confuse<-dobj
recognize<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
structure<-compound det amod
pail<-case det
use<-advmod dobj
fear<-dobj ccomp nmod nsubj
resign<-advmod ccomp nsubj
peaked<-nsubj dobj mark
camp<-case nmod compound
cut<-auxpass iobj nmod dobj
unaffected<-cc cop conj nsubj mark
burn<-xcomp parataxis advmod nsubj
next<-cop nmod
Basel<-case appos
stake<-case compound
chain<-case acl:relcl nmod amod
compel<-xcomp aux cop nsubj mark
force<-cop nmod advcl
roll<-nmod
face<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
ghost<-case
shut<-dobj compound:prt
play<-case det
SMU<-case
teach<-cc conj dobj nsubj
3.43<-dep
package<-det nmod compound
flexibility<-det nmod
ticket<-det compound
IBM<-acl:relcl
shop<-cop det amod
investigation<-case dep nmod
deficit<-dep det
know<-nsubj advmod mark
insurance<-case cc conj amod
arena<-case nmod:poss amod
interpret<-aux nmod ccomp
part<-nummod det nmod amod
make<-nsubj dobj nmod:tmod mark
confirm<-xcomp cc conj nmod nsubj
upgrade<-xcomp mark
should<-nsubj
report<-cc conj det compound
higher<-cop advmod
painting<-case
even<-nmod advcl
pitchman<-dep nmod nsubj
response<-det nmod
elect<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass mark
county<-nummod compound det amod
Stroup<-compound
class<-det compound
convey<-nsubj
$<-case nummod advmod nmod:tmod
drop<-aux nsubj advmod mark
fury<-case amod
issuer<-case det compound
timidity<-det
else<-case advmod
delay<-compound amod
reduce<-iobj dobj
use<-nmod:poss
force<-nmod:poss
investor<-compound det amod
many<-dep cop advmod neg
decide<-dep
insert<-det amod
supplies<-case nmod
offering<-case compound nmod:poss nmod amod
2.33<-dep
23.25<-case dep
third-quarter<-case
publisher<-det nmod
factor<-case acl:relcl amod
be<-parataxis nsubj expl
steamroller<-case advmod det
pay<-nmod:tmod
group<-case nummod compound
improper<-cop mark
have<-nsubj cc advmod ccomp mark conj dobj
like<-nmod
return<-dep compound det amod
use<-xcomp dobj
warn<-ccomp dobj
go<-xcomp mark
blow<-det amod
win<-advmod dobj mark
guard<-det amod
regulator<-cc conj
exercise<-cop amod det acl:relcl mark
target<-case aux advcl nmod nsubj
card<-nmod:poss amod
appoint<-dobj nsubj
skill<-neg nmod
carbide-product<-cc cop conj det
sell<-cc aux conj advmod
Medicare<-case cc conj
pill<-case dep det
mop<-compound:prt dobj mark
family<-case dep conj cc
production<-case amod
clutter<-case det
United<-cc conj
bank<-cc conj amod compound
vanilla<-dobj mark
go<-cc discourse conj nsubj
problem<-dep cop acl:relcl det nsubj
portfolio<-dep nmod:poss compound
catch<-cop nmod nsubj
four<-case dep compound det amod
participate<-nsubj advmod nmod ccomp
audience<-case det nmod
Montgoris<-appos compound
be<-xcomp advcl nsubj advmod expl
chart<-det nmod
total<-advmod dobj
begin<-nsubj compound:prt advmod mark
turnover<-nmod amod
bug<-case acl:relcl det
Mac<-compound
struggle<-xcomp cop nsubj cc advmod conj
Wallop<-case appos compound
guy<-acl:relcl det nmod
overrun<-aux
spread<-cc auxpass advmod nmod
mountain<-det
French<-nmod
Vladimir<-appos compound amod
endure<-nsubj dobj mark
year<-case cc advmod det amod
restructure<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod advcl
fine<-cop ccomp
composite<-cc conj det
hurricane<-cc conj det
Indochina<-case
diabetic<-case
rate<-case advmod amod
shipper<-case
keep<-aux dobj nmod neg nsubj
transmit<-cc nmod dobj
move<-aux compound:prt dobj nsubj
officer<-case compound det amod
stir<-nsubj compound:prt dobj advmod mark
choice<-compound nsubj
Dalton<-nmod compound
stance<-acl nmod:poss amod
Burford<-appos compound
go<-xcomp aux nmod:tmod
fabrication<-case
ownership<-nmod:poss nmod
share<-case nummod det nmod
feel<-xcomp advmod nsubj
housewife<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod mark
Bentsen<-case compound
abandon<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
Bundesbank<-case det compound
Heller<-compound
damage<-case cc conj amod
embrace<-dobj mark
research<-acl:relcl
Selve<-case appos compound det amod
99.691<-case
town<-case cop amod nmod nsubj
Goldberg<-compound
plan<-det nmod amod
raise<-nsubj cc nmod mark conj dobj
%<-nummod acl:relcl det amod
launch<-nsubj dobj nmod:tmod mark
study<-acl:relcl det compound
super-user<-det nmod
commitment<-cop det nmod
alcohol<-cc dep conj
gasp<-cc conj nsubj
dissolve<-dobj nmod mark
strain<-nsubj cc advmod dobj advcl conj
lead<-cc conj ccomp nmod mark
book<-acl:relcl det compound
deflator<-appos compound det amod
appreciate<-dobj ccomp nsubj
issue<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
deliver<-xcomp aux mark
turn<-cc conj advmod nmod
live<-advmod
prejudice<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
pay<-xcomp aux nsubj neg mark
diverse<-cop advmod
test<-case
tiny<-dep nsubj nmod dobj
text<-case cc conj nmod amod
earthquake<-acl:relcl nmod:poss
six-month<-cc dep conj
gon<-xcomp
patient<-case cc conj compound
top<-advmod dobj nmod mark
proceeding<-case det compound
history<-nmod:poss nmod
money<-case dep nmod
those<-case advmod nmod
ruble<-case nummod advmod
2233.9<-case
strategy<-compound
define<-aux dobj neg nsubj
bureau<-case det nmod
Jasper<-case nummod nmod
tell<-xcomp ccomp nsubj
cheaper<-cop advmod ccomp
certificate<-case cc conj nmod:poss nmod
end<-cc advmod ccomp nsubj
technology<-case acl:relcl compound
83.3125<-case dep
take<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
environmentalist<-amod
go<-nsubj dep advmod nmod cc conj
get<-dobj ccomp nsubj
score<-det nmod
equality<-case amod
advice<-cop acl:relcl mark
allow<-xcomp aux advmod dobj nsubj
turn<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
overshadow<-dep cop nmod
invite<-xcomp nsubj dobj advmod mark
work<-cop advmod acl nsubj
coverage<-case det amod
job<-case compound det amod
riskier<-nmod:npmod cop
diaper<-case cc conj nmod:poss
field<-compound
attract<-cc dep conj dobj
chance<-advcl amod
organize<-dobj
division<-case nmod:poss nmod
rubble<-case appos
negotiate<-auxpass advmod nmod
sell<-advcl nmod dobj
Direct<-case appos compound
founder<-det nmod
password<-case det
story<-det compound
advice<-case nmod
jolt<-case compound det amod
collaborate<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass nmod
rattle<-ccomp
building<-case det acl
in<-advmod mwe
proponent<-nmod compound
adult<-case
problem<-appos advmod
Goldsmith<-case compound amod
rape<-dep nsubj advmod dobj
trim<-mark
account<-case cop nsubj appos nmod amod nmod:poss
descend<-parataxis advmod
lessen<-dobj mark
machine<-cop advmod det amod
office<-dep nmod:poss amod
shake<-cc conj dobj
carat<-cc nummod acl:relcl conj
responsibility<-cop det nmod amod
anger<-det
gallant<-nmod
allowance<-amod
1914<-case dep nummod
fulfil<-dep ccomp
Motorola<-case
experience<-aux dobj advmod nsubj
composer<-case det
bill<-case det acl
increase<-aux nmod nsubj
U.S.<-cc dep conj
grade<-det nmod amod
today<-cop compound nmod mark
surprise<-dep cop advcl
amendment<-case nummod amod
million.and<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
bizarre<-cop advmod
Crawford<-appos compound
pot<-case det compound
have<-ccomp advmod nsubj
fall<-aux nsubj dobj nmod:tmod mark
produce<-dep aux dobj nmod nsubj
grace<-ccomp mark
hand<-cc conj
axle<-case cc conj compound
4.92<-dep
rule<-aux compound:prt dobj neg
sale<-case cc nummod nmod conj appos
back<-mark
exercise<-ccomp nsubj
3<-case compound
hold<-case det compound
like<-aux advmod dobj advcl nsubj
higher<-aux cop advmod nsubj
letter<-case det amod
growth<-cop advmod nmod amod neg
Francisco<-case cc conj compound
sign<-advcl aux dobj nmod nsubj
report<-appos advmod
jewelry<-ccomp nsubj
convene<-aux dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
subsidize<-ccomp mark
litigant<-case amod
boost<-compound
tone<-cc conj nmod:poss amod
aim<-aux cop acl nsubj
produce<-aux advmod csubj dobj
I<-cop nmod nsubj
company<-cop acl:relcl det amod
invest<-aux dobj nsubj
lead<-compound nmod amod
Caribbean<-cc conj
boom<-cop acl nsubj
end<-advmod nsubj
bring<-advmod nmod mark
board<-dep cc conj
insert<-case compound amod
exercise<-advmod nmod nsubj
go<-cc conj advmod compound:prt
Nynex<-case
Sotheby<-case acl:relcl
load<-case det nmod
that<-cc cop conj nmod dobj
22,336<-case
decrease<-xcomp nmod
look<-xcomp nsubj cc neg nmod aux conj
reporter<-case compound
liquidation<-case nmod
terminal<-cc nummod conj compound
be<-nsubj dep advmod ccomp advcl mark
gone.peter<-cop ccomp
maintenance<-cc conj det
wayside<-case det
cent<-case nummod advmod
hypnotize<-dep cop nmod neg mark
speedometer<-case acl:relcl det
sluggishness<-case
rewarding<-dep cop
man<-case compound
management<-case det compound
help<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
seek<-ccomp dobj
department<-compound
??!!<-compound
critical<-xcomp cop nsubj
BizMart<-appos
experience<-cop dep det amod acl:relcl advcl
source<-case compound amod
introduce<-aux nmod:tmod mark
)<-dep amod advmod nmod:poss mark
determination<-det
anger<-case cc conj
make<-compound:prt nmod dobj
stab<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
eclipse<-dobj mark
tissue<-compound
self-aggrandizing<-advmod
hold<-cc conj compound:prt nsubj
have<-xcomp advmod nmod nsubj
hold<-xcomp mark
review<-cc conj
offering<-case compound amod
lag<-dobj nmod nsubj
secure<-dobj mark
cough<-aux dobj compound:prt
work<-aux neg
1984<-case dep det amod
inhibit<-dobj nmod mark
hospital<-case cc conj
house<-case det nmod compound
message<-dep cop det
week<-cop acl det nsubj
sell<-nsubj nmod dobj
step<-cc dep conj advmod compound:prt
Mannheim<-case acl:relcl compound
certificate<-compound det acl:relcl amod
politicize<-advmod
scene<-case amod det compound
resident<-amod
get<-nsubj dep cc advcl aux conj
default<-case det nmod
politics<-case amod
bottle<-det nmod
beginning<-cc conj det
ballot<-compound
write<-cc conj nmod dobj
ruble<-det amod
Transmission<-compound
danger<-case cop nsubj cc advmod conj
sell<-case advmod dobj
conflict<-cop advmod det nmod expl aux
name<-cc cop conj neg nsubj
entrepreneur<-case advmod compound
disk<-amod
incident<-det nmod
brokerage<-case det
make<-nsubj cc advmod compound:prt conj dobj
influence<-ccomp mark
announce<-aux nmod nsubj
S.A.<-appos compound
pragmatic<-advmod nmod
power<-acl amod
plant<-case nmod:poss nmod
blow<-det compound
embezzle<-case nummod
apt<-dep xcomp
outstanding<-advmod nsubj
move<-aux advmod nmod
look<-nsubj ccomp nmod dobj
computer<-dep det ccomp
loathe<-cop advmod nmod
perceive<-xcomp auxpass advmod nsubjpass mark
follow<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
18<-dep advmod
hospital<-case
dog<-compound amod
leg<-appos det amod
vocalist<-case compound det amod
unable<-xcomp cop dep
pleased<-cop advmod
hold<-dep compound:prt dobj nsubj
company<-case advmod nmod compound
sin<-det nmod
manacle<-nmod
pervasive<-cc cop conj
detail<-dep det
Galloway<-compound amod
candidate<-compound det amod
invest<-aux nsubj nmod advmod advcl
subject<-aux nmod cop
architect<-compound det amod
other<-cc conj nmod
stay<-aux nmod nsubj
security<-case amod compound
Beggiato<-appos compound
travel<-cop nummod
lose<-aux nsubj dobj mark
inspire<-parataxis auxpass nsubjpass nmod
inland<-advmod nmod
find<-aux nsubj advmod mark
nonentity<-cop acl:relcl det
structure<-dep cop amod det nsubj
Leo<-case nmod
agree<-advmod
match<-advmod dobj mark
rejection<-nmod
develop<-advmod dobj nsubj
live<-cc conj
irish<-cc conj
loser<-det nmod
hire<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass
hide<-advcl
block<-dobj nmod mark
heat<-case amod
time<-case dep nummod
prevent<-aux advmod dobj advcl nsubj
check<-cc conj compound:prt nsubj
confidence<-dep cc conj
expansion<-case compound det nmod amod
warm<-nmod
beer<-case nmod:poss amod
Americans<-dep compound
debt<-case nmod amod
lender<-dep amod
Weiss<-dep compound
maturity<-case det nmod
Lexus<-case appos
testing<-det nmod compound
damage<-advcl aux cop nmod nsubj
attend<-dobj mark
Moslems<-nmod:poss
Arabia<-acl:relcl compound
worker<-case amod compound
Provigo<-case appos
reason<-case nummod
episode<-nmod amod
place<-case advmod
wink<-nmod
last<-dep advmod nmod:tmod
appear<-xcomp dep nsubj mark
opponent<-nmod:poss compound
hand<-det nmod
daughter<-det nmod
producer<-cc nummod det conj
effort<-compound det amod
Gibson<-case cc conj compound
issue<-cop acl:relcl
Wrap<-compound
oppose<-cc dep nmod mark
Carter<-case dep amod compound
refuse<-dobj iobj nsubj
broker<-case det amod
strength<-det nmod amod
ease<-nsubj advmod mark
react<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
further<-dep advcl
artist<-case compound det amod
transaction<-det compound
produce<-cc conj ccomp nsubj
use<-dep advmod dobj mark
complete<-nsubj dobj nmod:tmod mark
disapprove<-nmod compound
datum<-det nmod
snafu<-case det
roll<-advmod compound:prt nmod nsubj
father<-appos
oil<-case compound
testify<-ccomp
fortune<-case det nmod
cat<-case compound
verification<-case
obtain<-aux nsubj mark
affiliate<-det compound
street<-det acl
victim<-nmod
Age<-nmod compound
capitalist<-case acl:relcl nmod
forecast<-compound amod
commonplace<-cop advmod det amod nsubj
publisher<-compound amod det nmod nsubj
scream<-advmod ccomp nsubj
earthquake.she<-case det
village<-compound
date<-xcomp nsubj dep nmod cc conj
enter<-ccomp mark
extend<-aux nsubj nmod mark
change<-aux advmod ccomp neg nsubj
charge<-cop nsubj advmod nmod dobj mark
misconduct<-case compound
connected<-advmod
muff<-cc conj compound
hand<-case det compound
ad<-dep nmod:poss amod
conciliatory<-advmod
british<-det
belong<-nmod
spouse.but<-ccomp nsubj
%<-dep cop nummod nmod
month<-dep
lower<-cop nsubj nmod mark
damage<-dep cop nsubj acl:relcl mark
effort<-case nummod det nmod compound
performer<-case det
make<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
pass<-cc aux conj nmod nsubj
charge<-case advmod det nmod amod
feature<-case nummod nmod compound
Russians<-cc conj det
Hager<-case appos compound
Republican<-acl:relcl det
minor<-amod
deal<-case compound
Gorbachev<-case nmod
have<-cop cc advmod ccomp dep conj
party<-dep det
Departments<-case det nmod
program<-case dep amod
gut<-det acl
ridiculous<-xcomp cop nmod
subordinate<-det compound
cripple<-cc advmod
activist<-case compound
die<-nmod
method<-cop amod det nsubj
together<-advcl
$<-case cc nummod nmod:tmod dep conj
pill<-case dep compound det amod
buyer<-dep amod
visit<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
system<-nmod:poss
prevail<-cc conj nmod nsubj
places.the<-dobj nsubj
reason<-cc det ccomp
DeVillars<-compound
Jr.<-cop nsubj cc acl:relcl compound conj
obtain<-nmod dobj
import<-dep nmod dobj
vehement<-dep nsubj
grow<-aux nmod
expect<-xcomp neg
tip<-cop advmod det nmod nsubj
August<-amod
Citicorp<-case nmod
officer<-dep amod
hold<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
hopeful<-cop advcl
wealth<-case compound
unemployment<-cc conj compound
average<-dobj nsubj
slow<-dep cop nsubj mark
adventure<-case det compound
crucial<-cop nmod advcl
spot<-case cop advmod det nmod amod
set<-cc conj dobj nsubj
Californians<-case cc conj cc:preconj
lock<-advcl aux dobj nmod nsubj
matter<-cop det nmod
experiment<-amod det det:predet
deduct<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
pile<-aux compound:prt advcl nsubj
speeding<-nmod ccomp
release<-cop nmod:tmod mark
peasant<-case det amod
retailer<-cop nsubj det mark
infrequent<-cop ccomp neg nsubj
estate<-cop cc advmod det nmod conj
program<-advmod dobj nsubj
wheat<-nsubj advmod nmod:tmod nmod dobj
Buck<-compound
Pushkin<-case
work<-cop nmod acl
power<-compound nmod:poss amod
run-up<-case det nmod amod
harm<-aux nsubj dobj advmod mark
plan<-xcomp advcl
rights<-nmod compound
resume<-nsubj dobj nmod:tmod mark
dollar<-case compound det amod
do<-advcl advmod dobj
Foggs<-case compound amod
fleet<-case nmod:poss amod
weaker<-det
Drabinsky<-cc conj compound
measure<-case dep det
know<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
ceiling<-cop amod det nsubj
Valhi<-cc conj
cut<-auxpass dobj
intention<-dep nmod:poss
take<-aux nsubj dobj nmod:tmod mark
health<-case cc conj nmod:poss
struggle<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
drive<-case cc conj compound amod
twist<-ccomp nsubj
adviser<-acl:relcl det compound
think<-parataxis advmod ccomp nsubj
earnings<-dep advmod nmod amod cc conj
resurface<-det compound
role<-acl:relcl det
turn<-xcomp compound:prt nmod nsubj
profitable<-cc conj
shiver<-advcl
reinvest<-dobj mark
then<-cop acl:relcl
travel<-cc dep conj nmod nsubj
find<-cc conj advmod ccomp nsubj
resign<-dep nmod dobj
its<-case
put<-dobj compound:prt nmod mark
argue<-parataxis advmod ccomp nsubj
disaster<-nmod:poss
pulp<-case appos
Socialists<-det
minister<-appos amod
ignore<-cc cop conj advmod nsubj
down<-nmod:npmod advmod
stock<-acl:relcl nmod:poss
field<-nsubj
dozen<-compound
0.15<-case
division<-case cc conj det amod
Thatcher<-parataxis nsubj
discussion<-dep amod
group<-case dep det nmod amod
demon<-dep det amod
customer<-acl:relcl
news<-cop nsubj nmod amod advcl aux
maintain<-aux advmod ccomp nsubj
dispute<-det acl
blood<-case det
associate<-compound det nmod amod
cookbook<-cc conj det nmod amod
scientist<-case nmod
risky<-cc cop nsubj
output<-amod
maestro<-compound det nmod amod
tension<-case
coordinate<-dobj mark
price<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
dullness<-case
Register<-case appos det
dictate<-auxpass nmod
teen-ager<-cop advmod det nsubj
join<-aux dobj
fear<-xcomp advmod nsubj
spawn<-dep dobj nsubj
broaden<-xcomp aux csubj mark
story<-case det amod
cover-up<-case dep det
Bros.<-case cc conj compound
play<-compound det amod
existence<-nmod:poss amod
Travelers<-advmod
cleverly<-advmod
launch<-compound amod
solidify<-dobj nmod nsubj
sacrifice<-cc conj amod
massacre<-case nummod det compound
assign<-xcomp advmod nsubj
delegation<-det amod
pass<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
send<-aux advmod iobj dobj nsubj
easy<-dep cop neg
kicker<-compound det amod
unsettled<-auxpass advmod
disaster<-case acl:relcl amod
fastener<-amod
brother<-case
force<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
claim<-case compound
supporter<-advmod det
activity<-case nmod amod
}<-case amod
latch<-nsubj nmod mark
explain<-advcl mark
point<-case cop det mark
shout<-parataxis aux nmod nsubj
available<-dep cop advmod neg
exist<-aux advcl neg nsubj
reform<-case cc conj nmod:poss
clock<-case det
reduce<-nsubj cc advmod dobj aux conj
ignite<-dep auxpass nmod
land<-case cc conj
require<-aux nmod nsubj
companion<-nmod:poss
bluesy<-cc cop conj cc:preconj
learn<-auxpass ccomp nsubjpass nmod mark
stop<-det
Morgan<-case appos compound
Dallas<-cc conj
cobb<-case compound amod
clear<-cc aux advmod dobj nsubj
boost<-aux ccomp nmod:tmod dobj
description<-det nmod
due<-dep cop nmod
investigation<-det amod
concern<-case nummod compound
show<-cc advcl advmod dobj nsubj
allegation<-case det
$<-cop nummod appos
trial<-nummod det nmod compound
partnership<-acl:relcl det compound
measure<-case dep det amod
regulator<-nummod amod compound
device<-case nmod:poss acl
follow<-xcomp dobj nsubj
manage<-xcomp
build<-cc nmod auxpass nsubjpass aux conj
genius<-case cc advmod amod acl:relcl conj
purchase<-cop det nmod
associate<-det compound
exist<-advmod nsubj
shareholder<-dep
husband<-appos nmod:poss
think<-advmod mark
miss<-ccomp
go<-aux nsubj compound:prt advmod advcl
deficiency<-case det amod
problem<-acl:relcl det
base<-xcomp cc conj dep nsubj
agency<-appos nmod:poss amod
allow<-dobj nmod nsubj
estate<-amod
Spain<-cc conj
be<-dep nmod nsubj
TV<-case appos compound
eat<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
allergy<-case cc conj
conferee<-case det compound
get<-aux nsubj ccomp mark
say<-nsubj nmod advmod dobj
ceiling<-case nmod:poss compound
market.ibm<-case dep det
rendition<-det nmod amod
one<-det compound
install<-auxpass advmod nmod
messrs.burke<-case cc conj
phony<-acl:relcl det
trade<-dep compound
flexible<-cop advmod nsubj
area<-case acl:relcl det
regret<-advmod nsubj
ask<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass mark
voter<-case nummod compound nmod amod
ask<-xcomp cop nsubj
limit<-dep dobj mark
minicar<-det
burst<-nmod amod
continue<-aux nsubj iobj dobj mark
move<-dobj compound:prt mark
nest<-case det nmod
character<-case appos det amod
institution<-cop nsubj det amod compound aux mark
put<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
delay<-det nmod amod
Wessels<-cc conj appos
adversary<-case dep appos amod
image<-case nmod amod
tool<-det amod
identity<-case det amod
syndicator<-det
say<-cc conj nsubj ccomp mark
device<-case compound
Arkansas<-case dep advmod amod
question<-compound
attendance<-compound
rate<-compound mark
chisel<-ccomp mark
couple<-case acl:relcl amod
licens<-case nmod:poss compound
talk<-compound:prt ccomp mark
perceive<-ccomp nsubj
Amcore<-appos
penalty<-xcomp
essence<-case
wag<-case det amod
moment<-det amod
technique<-cop nsubj det ccomp aux amod
regard<-ccomp nsubj
effort<-dep det compound
oppose<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
frequent<-advmod det
democrat<-xcomp
ideal<-cc dep nmod nsubj
stable<-cop advmod nmod
king<-cop nsubj cc dep aux conj
coverage<-case compound amod
81/4<-dep nmod compound
face<-case compound det amod
zig-zag<-dobj nmod nsubj
female<-cc conj
fall<-nmod:tmod mark
drug<-nummod nmod amod
1385/8<-dep compound
Fresenius<-case appos
$<-aux nummod advcl
share<-case compound det advmod amod
agree<-aux nsubj advcl mark
spinoff<-case det
definition<-nmod compound
fare<-case amod
downside<-det
confront<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
Vegas<-case nmod compound
lending<-case nmod:poss
say<-nsubj cc neg advmod mark advcl aux conj
weaken<-advmod nmod
tear<-case compound
taxable<-cop advcl
sensitive<-cop advmod advcl mark
area<-det acl
reassure<-dep dobj
cover<-compound amod
unit<-case appos nmod:poss compound
assurance<-case neg nmod amod
while<-advmod det amod
fulfil<-advmod ccomp mark
intraday<-amod
wait<-advcl
regulation<-case appos compound
century<-amod
one<-cop amod det neg nsubj
optimism<-case
week<-cc conj det
Stephenson<-case appos compound
payoff<-det amod
remain<-xcomp cc conj
grade<-case cc conj nmod amod
comparable<-dep
institutional<-cop nsubj
sign<-case nmod compound
country<-case nummod compound
potential<-det acl
ask<-xcomp nmod mark
minute<-case nummod det
branch<-det nmod amod
slump<-det amod
president<-cop nmod nsubj
loss<-cop advmod det nmod amod
sparkle<-nmod:poss nmod amod
lbo<-compound det amod
leaguer<-nummod amod
turnover<-case advmod det nmod amod
competitiveness<-case det nmod compound
retirement<-case nmod amod
production<-case nummod det nmod compound
Act<-case compound
yield<-det nmod ccomp
bank<-dep
discourage<-aux dobj nmod neg nsubj
Pool<-case compound
low<-nmod:poss nmod amod
Hawthorne<-dep
size<-det:predet det nmod nsubj
owe<-nsubj iobj dobj advmod mark
TransCanada<-case acl:relcl
increasingly<-ccomp
indicate<-cc ccomp
cruel<-aux cop nmod nsubj
susceptible.the<-nmod:npmod ccomp
Canton<-case appos
awareness<-det nmod
meeting<-case
composite<-det compound
prize-winning<-nsubj dobj mark
furor<-case det nmod det:predet
typically<-nmod
rise<-nmod:poss amod
wellplaced<-cop nsubj dep advmod advcl aux
regulation<-cop nmod mark
bonus<-case
retailer<-acl:relcl amod
328.85<-case nmod
isolate<-ccomp nsubj
achieve<-nsubj advmod nmod ccomp aux mark
bond<-appos det
future<-dep cop det case
soap<-case
buy<-advmod nsubj
compensation<-case nmod amod
much<-dep cop advmod
obligate<-xcomp cop neg nsubj
disability<-case dep cc compound conj nmod:poss
Europe<-case nmod compound
worth<-dep cc conj advmod
rate<-case det nmod:tmod nmod compound
divert<-dobj mark
follow<-xcomp
recliner<-det
refinance<-dobj nmod mark
quality.There<-case dep nmod:poss
editor<-dep
Deaver<-compound
attribute<-xcomp cc conj dobj nsubj
borrow<-aux dobj mark
wrong<-xcomp cop advcl nmod nsubj
break<-nmod ccomp
criterion<-acl:relcl nmod
danger<-cop advmod nmod amod
Hut<-case compound
buy<-nummod nmod
extent<-case appos det amod
machine<-case nmod:poss compound
discover<-cop cc nmod dobj conj mark
version<-case amod
paper<-cc conj nmod amod
subscribe<-aux nsubj advmod nmod mark
cross<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
report<-neg nmod
week<-cop det nmod amod
pencil<-dep advmod amod
chorus<-cc conj det
adjust<-mark
voting<-case
popular<-cop advmod neg nsubj
vote<-nummod
Macy<-case det
fanfare<-det
buy<-cc conj advmod nmod ccomp
benefit<-advmod nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
knight<-case
dispute<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
reschedule<-auxpass nmod
103/4<-case
dated<-cc cop dep advmod
attack<-cop nsubj nmod amod acl:relcl aux
willingness<-acl amod
seller<-case det compound
buyer<-det nmod amod
dwarf<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
58<-advmod
abortion<-det amod
sale<-dep compound nmod amod
spy<-advmod
hold<-xcomp nsubj cc nmod:tmod aux conj
value<-det nmod acl
surface<-det amod
duty<-det nmod amod
{<-cop compound nmod amod
eager<-parataxis cop xcomp mark
definition<-cc conj det amod
deficit<-case det
uneasiness<-det nmod amod
continue.In<-dobj mark
drift<-amod compound
as<-dep advmod
operation<-case amod det nmod compound
tip<-det nmod amod
sun<-case det
care<-xcomp nsubj
diversification<-case dep nmod:poss
auction<-det
adjuster<-dep cop amod det mark
appreciate<-aux nsubj nmod advmod mark
unswagged<-cc conj
wing<-case cop det
export<-amod
perimeter<-det nmod
bottom<-case det
day<-cc nummod conj
cost<-aux advmod nsubj
chart<-case det nmod
offset<-cc conj dobj
commendable<-cc aux conj cop nsubj
fourth<-dep
incentive<-compound amod
letter<-case nmod
Summerfolk<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss amod
alarm<-det
useful<-cop advmod nmod
issue<-xcomp
skill<-case nmod:poss nmod
protest<-nmod amod
1023/8<-case
deplete<-cop nmod nsubj
disappointed<-advmod dobj
knowledge<-det
delay<-aux nsubj advcl
energy<-nmod amod
thug.they<-det compound
trail<-compound det det:predet
tally<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
leave<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
scrap<-case nummod amod
market.he<-det
ride<-compound:prt dobj
Ocean<-det compound
break<-advmod dobj
follow<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
hole<-case cop compound nmod:poss amod
month<-case dep det amod
1980<-dep
discuss<-aux dobj iobj nsubj
June<-case advmod
onlooker<-case
raise<-mark
sell<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj
ignore<-aux nsubj dobj advmod mark
hauler<-compound
Mexico<-dep
rise<-cop nmod acl
negotiate<-mark
hunk<-det nmod amod
parent<-case appos nmod:poss amod
dune<-case det amod
presence<-nmod:poss nmod
format<-case compound det amod
mark<-cc dobj
characteristic<-cop nmod
$<-cop nsubj nummod det nmod amod mark
set<-advmod nmod nsubj
play<-xcomp
woman<-dep cc det amod
three<-acl:relcl det
sister-in-law<-advcl ccomp nsubj
see<-advmod nmod
parallel<-cc conj nmod amod
employ<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
ask<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
establishment<-case dep compound
offer<-case acl:relcl compound
constitute<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
colleague<-det
announce<-dobj ccomp nmod nsubj
movie<-amod
funding<-nmod
acquit<-mark
hit<-aux nsubj dobj compound:prt advcl
network.In<-case det amod
backpedal<-case
feature<-nsubj dobj nmod:tmod mark
firm<-nummod compound det amod
concentrate<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
salary<-compound acl:relcl nmod amod
thunderstorm<-det nmod acl
issue<-advcl dobj nsubj
stickiness<-case compound amod
jubilant<-cc cop advmod neg nsubj
hole<-case det amod
reef<-case det amod
rule<-case nmod amod
prop<-dobj compound:prt
work<-cc aux advmod neg nsubj
Etc.<-appos compound
proposal<-case det nmod compound
traffic<-nmod compound
steelmaker<-advmod
sell<-xcomp nsubj mark
poorly<-advmod advcl
Monday<-case nmod
reorganization<-case cop nsubj mark
build<-parataxis dobj
tsunami<-cop acl det nsubj
urge<-xcomp advmod dobj nsubj
other<-dep cc conj
make<-case det nmod amod
pressure<-cc conj compound
forecast<-case compound
Fremont<-case
motorist<-case det
do<-cc aux conj nmod nsubj
30,000<-nmod
treatment<-cc conj amod
perplexing<-cop advmod advcl
negotiation<-case nmod
have<-xcomp nsubj neg advmod mark aux
plant<-compound amod
usage<-case cc conj nmod amod
contact<-dep case
product<-nummod acl:relcl
employ<-xcomp nsubj
daughter<-case acl:relcl det
first<-nmod
Renoir<-cop advmod det nmod amod
interchangeable<-cop advcl neg
Petroleum<-case compound
Montgoris<-appos amod compound
"<-dep nsubj
pulverize<-dep advmod dobj nsubj
involve<-cc conj ccomp nsubj
211/8<-dep nmod compound
organization<-case appos compound
investor<-case advmod det
bill<-case advmod det acl:relcl compound
nature<-cc conj det nmod
package<-amod
japanese<-case cop nsubj neg advmod det
high<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
be<-expl
arena<-case det nmod compound
murder<-case cc conj det compound
ploy<-nmod:poss acl
week<-appos acl:relcl amod
charge<-case cop nsubj cc nmod aux conj
stress<-aux dobj neg nsubj
jeans<-appos amod
commitment<-case compound
stopper<-cop nsubj cc advmod det amod dep compound mark
politics<-det nmod
consider<-xcomp nsubj
japanese<-acl det amod
settlement<-compound det amod
continue<-aux nmod
28<-dep amod
ear<-det
writer<-det amod
taker<-det
swan<-det
write<-aux nmod
invite<-nmod dobj
cement<-case cc conj
dog<-cc conj amod
mark<-nmod:poss
crackdown<-det
America<-case appos compound
approve<-advmod dobj
rein<-cc conj nmod mark
entitle<-xcomp aux dobj
damage<-cc dep advmod amod
still<-ccomp expl
transport<-advcl
widen<-nsubj dobj mark
mount<-dobj nmod nsubj
yard<-nummod
partner<-case nmod amod
support<-nsubj nmod mark
company<-appos amod
wag<-det compound
water<-cc conj compound
be<-advcl nsubj advmod mark
trust<-compound det acl:relcl amod
people<-advmod
%<-dep nummod appos nmod
astounding<-cc advmod nmod ccomp
Bluff<-acl:relcl nmod:poss
yet<-nmod:npmod nmod
quiet<-nmod
center<-det compound
silver<-compound
confuse<-dobj mark
source<-cop det nmod amod
touch<-compound
1960<-case dep conj cc
Menuhin<-case cc conj compound
buck<-case acl:relcl det
expenditure<-case
treatment<-det nmod amod
process<-case cop det xcomp nmod
circle<-cop det amod
Catholics<-case
look<-aux nsubj advcl
soar<-aux dobj nsubj
rule<-case det nmod amod
economy<-nmod amod
Dunker<-case compound amod
embarrassment<-det nmod det:predet
spur<-compound nmod:poss nmod amod
continue<-cc conj nmod nsubj
regulation<-case det nmod amod
lean<-advmod
tack<-compound
user<-case nmod compound
material<-case acl:relcl
factory<-compound
afford<-xcomp mark
consistent<-nmod
offer<-xcomp nsubj advcl
press<-case amod det compound
Tambo<-acl:relcl compound
finger<-nummod nmod
prospects<-compound amod
free<-cop advmod nmod mark
permit<-xcomp dobj
march<-case cc conj amod
negative<-advcl cop advmod nmod nsubj
goods<-case acl:relcl det amod
engineer<-cc conj compound
keep<-cc ccomp nsubj
buyer<-dep det
succeed<-aux compound:prt ccomp nsubj
vehicle<-case appos nmod:poss compound
export<-cop nsubj dep nmod mark cc conj
circuit<-case
fabric<-case det nmod amod
contact<-case nmod
acquire<-nmod:tmod
literacy<-case cc conj
republic<-case nummod nmod:poss
1960s<-case det amod
member<-dep cop nmod nsubj
bet<-nummod det amod
guilder<-case nummod
ace<-det nmod
event<-appos compound det amod
reference<-det nmod
Briggs<-appos nmod compound
sell<-xcomp compound:prt
lovely<-cc conj
city<-det nmod
culture<-nmod:poss
hole<-acl:relcl det nmod
RJR<-case amod
emerge<-parataxis nsubj dep dobj cc conj mark
activist<-case amod
dna<-dep nmod:poss
Lidgerwood<-nmod:poss compound
area<-nummod det compound
company<-acl det amod
tasteless<-cop
district<-case cc det amod acl:relcl compound conj
marry<-dobj
need<-dep neg nsubj
choice<-det
supply<-case amod
franchise<-det
will<-case cc conj amod
support<-det acl
11:30<-case cc conj advmod
level<-case cc conj det
oppose<-cc dobj nsubj
decide<-aux advcl nmod nsubj
push<-ccomp
continue<-nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
refer<-cop nmod neg nsubj
freespender<-case dep det nmod
leap<-aux advcl nsubj
Lease<-case nmod compound
yesterday<-acl:relcl nmod
inflict<-aux nsubj nmod mark
overbreadth<-case nmod
Interface<-case appos
flag<-case det nmod compound
cooperate<-dep advmod mark
twice<-nmod:npmod
park<-case amod compound
insist<-advmod ccomp mark
Lawson<-acl:relcl nmod compound
Day<-appos compound amod
seem<-aux nmod
2.5<-advmod
Canelo<-nmod compound
option<-case det acl
)<-ccomp nsubj
create<-dep dobj mark
favorable<-cop nsubj advmod ccomp aux mark
file<-case dep nmod amod
proposal<-nmod nsubj
691.09<-case dep
four<-det amod
stock<-case acl:relcl det
Trenton<-case
production<-nmod amod
one<-cc cop conj nmod mark
accumulate<-auxpass dobj mark
sewage<-case cc conj
silly<-cop nsubj cc advmod mark conj
seem<-nsubj nmod mark
delay<-advmod ccomp nsubj
live<-dep cop advmod nsubj
Craven<-compound
growth<-dep cc conj nmod amod
trigger<-aux advcl nsubj
critic<-det nmod
cause<-case det
pressure<-ccomp mark
morning<-cc conj compound
encourage<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
direction<-case det
cooperative<-nmod amod
believe<-nsubj cc neg advmod nmod mark aux conj
grow<-case advmod dobj
pilot<-case amod
request<-case compound det nmod amod
many<-dep advmod
people<-case dep acl:relcl det
learn<-cc conj nmod nsubj
accuse<-xcomp dobj nsubj
work<-case compound nmod:poss amod
invite<-xcomp cop nsubj ccomp mark
overhaul<-cc advmod nmod dobj conj mark
rate<-cop appos neg
leap<-dep nmod dobj
pressure<-dep compound det amod
launch<-dep amod compound
predict<-aux dobj nsubj
trading<-case acl:relcl nmod compound
cut<-det nmod
resemblance<-det nmod amod
see<-dep nsubj mark
mine<-case compound det amod
area<-dep det nmod
lot<-cop det nmod mark
famous<-cc conj
can<-parataxis nsubj mark
three<-compound
aim<-xcomp
maker<-case nummod compound acl:relcl amod
restrain<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
expand<-advmod nsubj nmod mark
pledge<-case compound amod
hit<-nsubj advmod dobj mark
lobbying<-nmod amod
do<-advcl nmod nsubj
solution<-acl:relcl det
index<-case compound
plunge<-dep amod
change<-cop det nmod
contract<-nummod nmod
map<-case appos
shareholder<-case nmod:poss
Index<-case cc conj det compound
value<-case amod
gene<-case cc dep advmod amod
limit<-compound
demand<-appos nmod
guide<-aux nsubj advmod dobj mark
Post<-advmod det compound
one<-cop advmod nmod advcl
Asia<-case compound amod
station<-case cc conj compound amod
purpose<-case cop nsubj cc det nmod ccomp conj
weaken<-cc aux dep advmod nsubj
%<-case cop nsubj nummod advmod nmod aux
Steinhardt<-appos compound
car<-compound amod
appear<-case
evacuation<-det
imagination<-det nmod
clear<-compound:prt dobj mark
financing<-case det compound
chief<-compound nmod:poss amod
continue<-dobj advmod nsubj
drive<-advmod nmod
cutback<-det nmod amod
create<-cc nmod dobj
Wilder<-case nmod compound
sensitive<-cop nsubj dep advmod nmod mark
academic<-cc nummod conj compound
predictable<-cc conj advmod nmod
600,000<-case dep det nmod
consider<-aux nsubj nmod:tmod mark
involvement<-cop nmod amod
deduction<-det nmod amod
list<-compound det amod
extravagance<-det amod
sheet<-amod
seize<-dobj nmod mark
initiate<-cc dep conj nmod
inspect<-cop mark
say<-cc nsubj ccomp nmod:tmod advcl
advise<-aux ccomp nsubj
buy<-xcomp nmod dobj
leave<-advcl dobj
image<-case acl:relcl det
recommendation<-nmod:poss nmod
invest<-dobj nmod mark
populist<-compound det acl:relcl amod
horror<-case
estimate<-dobj nsubj
Stone<-dep compound
1,800<-advmod
republican<-case
work<-acl:relcl amod
Bell<-det amod
collect<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
deficit<-case det nmod amod
staff<-det nmod
month<-case nummod det appos nmod
go-ahead<-det
house<-acl:relcl nmod
unbiased<-appos
Ahmanson<-amod compound
use<-aux advmod nmod
judge<-case appos det
vote<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
(<-case nmod:poss compound
suite<-amod
theft<-case det nmod
Rush<-compound
trail<-advcl nsubj dobj mark
appreciate<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
stock<-case acl:relcl det nmod amod
democrat<-case cop appos
survive<-nmod mark
comparable<-advmod
omit<-dobj nsubj
add<-neg nmod
officer<-case cc conj compound amod
position<-det nmod compound
rent<-nummod
1993<-case
Aeroflot<-appos
disappointing<-cc cop conj nsubj
ruling<-appos det compound
Blumenfeld<-case compound
1.6030<-case dep nmod:tmod
glow<-nmod nsubj
hold<-nsubj dep nmod cc aux conj
operative<-compound
chemistry<-cc conj det nmod
kick<-case cop dobj
befriend<-cc aux conj nsubj
bakery<-case cc conj
replace<-nsubj nmod dobj
tax<-cc conj compound amod
scenario<-nummod appos
attempt<-case dep det
extend<-advcl nsubj dobj mark
league<-case det
profit<-case det nmod
spread<-advmod amod
glasnost<-dep det amod
monopoly<-compound nmod:poss amod
need<-cop amod nmod nsubj
cotton<-cop nsubj dep advmod nmod cc conj
future<-det acl
close<-dep cop nmod
claim<-dep det
96<-xcomp aux det amod
riskier<-nmod:npmod cop ccomp nmod nsubj
envision<-ccomp nsubj
operate<-dep dobj
size<-case det
lbo<-case det amod
589<-advmod
practice<-case amod
conclusion<-nmod nsubj
calendar<-case nmod:poss amod
sell<-aux ccomp nmod nsubj
yield<-dep dobj mark
Entertainment<-acl:relcl nmod compound
go<-dep nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
$<-nummod nmod:tmod
rest<-xcomp aux advmod nmod nsubj
injury<-cc conj amod
Sharpshooter<-case det
lobbyist<-dep acl:relcl amod
range<-case amod
plunge<-cc conj det nmod amod
symbol<-dep nmod:poss
Brewing<-compound
benefit<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
identify<-advmod ccomp
Moscow<-case dep
wood<-amod
seat<-acl:relcl det amod
environment<-case amod det det:predet
erase<-dobj
movie<-case nmod amod
devaluation<-det
stumble<-cop advmod acl:relcl nsubj
culpable<-cc cop conj nsubj mark
value<-aux nsubj compound:prt dobj mark
pretty<-cc cop conj dep nsubj
live<-aux nsubj nmod mark
primitives.few<-amod
favorite<-nmod amod
link<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
member<-dep nmod
title<-nmod
office<-nmod:poss nmod
question<-acl:relcl det amod
typical<-cop nmod ccomp
ceiling<-det nmod compound
meet<-nmod
competitive<-advmod nsubj
dispersant<-case compound
utmost<-amod
obvious<-advmod nmod mark
verve<-case amod
departure<-case acl:relcl det
shortage<-cop advmod det nmod
hold<-aux dobj nmod:tmod advcl nsubj
coffer<-nmod:poss
meeting<-acl amod
drool<-case nmod
thin<-cop advmod nmod
FDIC<-det
push<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
more<-aux cop advmod nsubj
security<-nmod nsubj
fan<-case compound amod
sense<-compound det nmod nsubj
sale<-case nummod
remind<-cc auxpass nsubjpass conj nmod
put<-advcl compound:prt nmod nsubj
Sasser<-compound
philosophy<-case
firm<-case nummod det nmod
become<-xcomp nmod
observer<-det amod
York<-case
aid<-nmod mark
see<-advcl
time<-nsubj dep advmod dobj aux mark
polish<-det nmod
bar<-det
share.when<-case dep nummod det
transferable<-advmod
bear<-dobj nmod csubj mark
strive<-cc auxpass conj nmod
market-moving<-advmod
instrumental<-dep cop nmod nsubj
66<-advmod
point<-cc conj amod
support<-nsubj dep dobj cc aux conj
own<-dobj nmod advmod mark
chore<-advmod
cover<-compound
road<-cc conj nmod
immoral<-nmod
conservation<-compound
matter<-cop advmod det nmod
39.125<-case dep advmod
jeopardize<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
35527.29<-case
go<-xcomp nsubj compound:prt mark
profit<-dobj
Bulseco<-amod compound
account<-case nmod:poss compound
edge<-case advmod
wait<-xcomp cop advmod nsubj
12-pack<-det
plague<-dobj mark
chemical<-case amod
parent<-case det
people<-case acl
July<-appos
hospitalized.metal<-cc cop conj ccomp nsubj
discussion<-amod
authority<-det amod
Cristiani<-case compound
Rockefeller<-acl compound
seek<-aux nmod
trust<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
media<-appos
reinvest<-auxpass nsubjpass
month<-compound det nmod amod
deflect<-dobj mark
structure<-neg amod
develop<-nsubj
substantial<-advmod
link<-dobj mark
caterer<-dep det compound
end<-dep det compound
offering<-case det nmod
obstacle<-cop det nmod amod
float<-nmod mark
stake<-compound
purchase<-case dep det nmod compound
invest<-nsubj advcl nmod dobj
correction<-det amod
supplement<-case det compound
haul<-advcl advmod dobj
headquarters<-dep nmod:poss
hope<-advcl nsubj ccomp mark
Montedison<-case
approach<-cop nsubj nmod mark
form<-appos det nmod amod
talk<-case amod det nmod compound
spring<-advmod amod
thrift<-case amod
bank<-dep det
face<-aux ccomp nmod neg nsubj
week<-dep nummod advmod nmod
scotch<-cc conj nmod
engulf<-aux cop nsubj nmod advcl
Inc.<-cc conj nmod compound
subsidy<-case nmod compound
71/4<-dep compound
parent<-nmod amod
have<-nsubj cc nmod ccomp conj mark
lay<-xcomp aux nsubj
GE<-dep
truck<-cc conj amod
stick<-case
contrary<-cop nmod nsubj
include<-nsubj nmod dobj
rally<-case compound
drop<-compound:prt ccomp nmod nsubj
unprecedented<-cc cop conj nsubj mark
bus<-case det
Coast<-compound
year<-cop compound amod acl:relcl neg
afterward<-dep advmod
resignation<-case dep nmod
379.46<-case
resignation<-dep
president<-case compound amod
Amstrad<-appos advmod
frighten<-nsubj dobj compound:prt mark
move<-xcomp advmod mark
indeed<-cc advcl
assert<-cc ccomp mark
secretary<-case nmod compound
attract<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
importance<-acl:relcl det nmod
order-taking<-case appos amod
lag<-cc conj det nmod
wealth<-case dep amod
trick<-dobj mark
engage<-dep nmod mark
fragility<-det nmod
charge<-case cc conj nmod amod
ally<-dobj nmod nsubj
manager<-acl nsubj
new<-dep nmod
afford<-dep mark expl dobj nsubj
Gardens<-dep compound
big<-amod
one-half<-dep acl:relcl nmod
chain<-xcomp nsubj ccomp
agenda<-det nmod amod
satisfaction<-cc conj amod
ideal<-det compound
Shlenker<-compound
5.1<-advmod
parity<-compound
attend<-nmod nsubj
forecast<-aux dobj nsubj
appear<-xcomp nsubj ccomp
lose<-cc conj nsubj
Hurd<-compound
fit<-advcl nmod dobj
perversion<-case det nmod
quarter.for<-case det amod
Todt<-dep compound
president<-case appos amod
big<-cop nsubj cc mark aux conj
estimate<-dep advmod nsubj
Morgan<-nmod
force<-cc cop conj acl
deride<-advcl nsubj dobj
minimal<-dep advmod
Crusaders<-appos
winter<-amod
lend<-nmod mark
Pinkerton<-dep amod
statement<-nmod:poss amod
Stateswest<-case
responsible<-nsubj
FileNet<-nmod
trip<-appos amod
erosion<-case nmod:poss
kicker<-dep det compound
provision<-case acl:relcl amod
infringe<-nmod
fee<-case nmod compound
force<-cop nsubj
yeast<-appos det
Boots<-det
lose<-case nmod:poss det
that<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
family<-case amod nmod:poss compound
hog<-det amod
Trump<-dep compound
screen<-case nmod:poss nmod
Bob<-compound
include<-nmod:tmod dobj
drop<-dobj nmod advmod nsubj
mint<-compound
decrease<-dobj ccomp mark
experience<-dep case nmod amod
boom<-cop nsubj cc neg advmod det aux
competitor<-nmod:poss nmod amod
Utilities<-compound
yield<-dep advmod dobj compound:prt
do<-aux dobj iobj nsubj
April<-case amod
settlement<-acl:relcl
yield<-dep compound
1701.7<-case
342,122<-case dep
resource<-cop det nmod amod
quotation<-det
savings<-nmod amod
people<-acl nsubj
quarter<-dep
5.11<-dep cop nmod
investigation<-case det
stop-motion<-det
1868<-case
sponsor<-ccomp nsubj
seem<-xcomp ccomp nmod nsubj
6<-dep nmod compound
FDA<-dep det
CHECKOFF<-dep det
threaten<-aux nsubj dobj mark
always<-cop nsubj nmod advmod mark
obstruct<-nmod dobj
pick<-advmod dobj nsubj
depend<-cc conj nmod
attract<-xcomp mark
warrant<-case nmod:poss
express<-cc conj
hold<-xcomp nmod nsubj
International<-cc conj compound
message<-nmod compound
dread<-case det nmod
reverse<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
jolt<-amod
energy<-appos
receive<-nsubj dobj ccomp
acquire<-cc neg nmod dobj conj mark
greater<-cop advmod ccomp
prevail<-advmod nsubj
Berlin<-case nmod compound
child<-case nummod
asset<-cc advmod amod compound conj nmod:poss
walk<-nmod
River<-case advmod det compound
demeanor<-dobj nsubj
member<-cc conj nmod
officer<-case cc conj amod
provide<-advcl nmod dobj
Yippies<-case det
vodka<-case
Politburo<-det
coupon<-case
self-definition<-case det nmod amod
proclaim<-advmod dobj nsubj
high-rise<-xcomp nsubj
something<-nmod amod
prince<-cop cc det nmod compound conj
calculation<-nmod:poss
copy<-dep amod
Coors<-cc conj cc:preconj
Salvador<-dep compound
influence<-cop advmod nmod
position<-case cop det xcomp amod
leave<-dobj nmod nsubj
yield<-compound amod
trainer<-det nmod amod
commercial<-nsubj
story<-aux cop det nsubj
pit<-case det compound
select<-ccomp nsubj
upset<-dep dobj compound:prt
inventory<-dep amod
broadcaster<-case nmod compound
say<-nsubj ccomp dobj
Green<-case compound
deny<-cc conj dobj nsubj
Beijing<-case appos
reclaim<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
PLC<-nmod compound
amount<-det amod
panic<-neg compound
flood<-aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod
home<-appos det compound
auction<-cc conj
Air<-case cc conj compound
retain<-advmod dobj nsubj
reject<-nsubj dobj mark
due<-cop nmod:tmod nsubj
call<-acl nmod compound
ax<-det nmod compound
benefit<-case nmod:poss
hide<-aux nmod
right<-cop nsubj mark
Associates<-case appos compound
strike<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
nose<-case nmod:poss amod
reflect<-nsubj dobj advmod advcl
travel<-ccomp nmod nsubj
cluttered<-cc cop conj advmod
sure<-xcomp cop
counterpoint<-compound
have<-parataxis advmod dobj nsubj
witch<-det amod
base<-compound det nmod nsubj
loyal<-cop nsubj nmod:npmod neg advmod ccomp
state<-case nummod amod
convert<-advmod dobj nmod mark
Provigo<-dep
elect<-mark
year<-compound det amod
Valentine<-compound
trust<-case cc conj det det:predet
roads.weeds<-nummod amod
stay<-xcomp compound:prt nsubj
discard<-cc conj nmod dobj
look<-parataxis nsubj advcl
tumble<-nsubj nmod mark
comedian<-det
hack<-advmod nmod compound:prt
protest<-parataxis aux dobj nsubj
Club<-case cc conj nmod:poss compound
rating<-case det
year.it<-amod
reseller<-case cc conj amod
plant<-case nummod acl amod
recommend<-advmod dobj nsubj
argue<-aux ccomp nmod nsubj
increase<-cop dep advmod det nmod amod
resentful<-advmod nmod
unemployment<-nmod
cancel<-ccomp mark
union<-case
be<-xcomp nsubj advmod advcl
spending<-cc conj compound amod
reputable<-advmod
examine<-ccomp
rumor<-cc conj nmod amod
son<-appos nmod:poss
Secret<-dep amod
defendant<-nummod advmod
law<-cc conj nmod:poss
model<-det nmod
show<-dep aux dobj nmod nsubj
Digital<-acl:relcl
unionist<-case nmod
victim<-cop nmod nsubj
sound<-cop nsubj
Subcommittee<-compound
editorial<-det nmod amod
damage<-cop advmod acl:relcl nmod nsubj
approach<-case
room<-nummod advmod
whistle<-cop nmod
discount<-nummod det
sheet<-case cc conj amod
information<-amod nmod nsubj
scare<-dobj compound:prt
set<-xcomp nsubj dobj compound:prt mark
Young<-xcomp amod
replacement<-dep appos
excuse<-aux nmod nsubj
(<-case dep nummod compound
derive<-dobj
expect<-cc aux conj nsubj
compose<-advmod nmod
market<-case cop nsubj advcl det nmod compound aux
now<-dep acl:relcl
cable<-case cc conj
concede<-nsubj ccomp mark
worker<-cc nummod conj
Gas<-compound
depict<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod mark
strengthen<-advcl dobj nmod mark
favor<-nmod nsubj
Europe<-case acl
conflict<-det compound
stock<-cc conj amod nsubj
1,000<-dep nmod
sell<-ccomp nmod nsubj
area<-dep
affect<-ccomp mark
selection<-det nmod amod
passion<-auxpass advmod ccomp nmod expl
mainly<-dep
long<-dep cop nsubj
grid<-dep det
characteristic<-acl:relcl det amod
bowl<-dep advmod nsubj
interested<-cop nsubj ccomp advmod mark
ignorance<-case dep nmod
cause<-case compound det amod
fight<-case nmod compound
have<-nsubj cc dobj aux conj mark
I<-dep det compound
stock<-case cop det nmod compound
complex<-dep nmod
conductor<-det
statism<-case nmod:poss
activist<-nmod
lose<-nsubj cc advmod nmod mark aux conj
deputy<-amod
future<-case dep acl:relcl
worry<-aux nsubj ccomp nmod mark
post<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
demand<-aux advcl dobj
IRS<-dep det
thing<-dep cop amod neg nsubj
embrace<-cc nmod mark auxpass nsubjpass conj
chord<-nmod amod
WSJ<-nmod:tmod
definition<-case nmod:poss
throw<-aux dobj nmod mark
snort<-nmod compound
emphasize<-ccomp
1987<-appos
roadway<-dep det amod
exploration<-case cc conj nmod:poss amod
independently<-nmod:npmod
chip<-compound
begin<-cc aux conj nmod nsubj
dictate<-dep advmod nsubj
design<-dobj nmod mark
Weekly<-case det compound
equipment<-case amod nmod compound
contrary<-dep advmod det
five-year<-dep ccomp
595/8<-dep compound
cooperative<-case nmod:tmod amod
illustrate<-advmod dobj
position<-aux compound cop nmod nsubj
play<-cc dep conj dobj nsubj
manage<-nsubj mark
rape<-case cc conj advmod
thanks<-case
loss<-dep det nmod compound
overdue<-xcomp cop advmod
tumble<-dobj nmod nsubj
countertop<-case cc det nmod acl:relcl conj
threat<-dep nmod
consider<-xcomp nsubj mark
list<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
record<-case dep det
put<-advcl dobj compound:prt
risk<-neg amod
stage<-cc dobj nmod nsubj
mark<-ccomp nsubj
remain<-advmod nmod nsubj
debt<-case det nmod compound
order<-dep det amod
share<-nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
commodity<-case compound advmod det amod
flashlight<-cc conj advmod
assistance<-case
earlier.sales<-xcomp nmod nsubj
show<-nsubj neg advmod nmod dobj aux
resume<-aux advmod nsubj
export<-case nmod
S&P<-det
failure<-neg nmod amod
meet<-xcomp nmod mark
reputation<-nmod:poss compound
Bundesbank<-det
advance<-dep advcl mark dobj nsubj
carrier<-det compound
seethe<-cop nmod
tonight<-cop nmod mark
(<-case dep nmod:poss compound
700<-dep
state<-cop advmod det nmod
indenture<-case compound det nmod amod
pay<-aux dobj ccomp nmod nsubj
mammalian<-dobj compound:prt nmod nsubj
opposition<-case
sport<-det compound
praise<-case nmod:poss nmod
Inc.<-case compound advmod amod
company<-case dep acl:relcl det
interview<-advcl
probable<-cop nsubj ccomp advcl
lower<-cc conj dobj mark
Hardee<-case cc conj
scientist<-det nmod
impose<-aux nmod
tv<-dep amod
division<-acl:relcl det
fall<-advmod ccomp nsubj
unit<-case dep det nmod
receivable<-nmod
overhang<-case cc conj
Unisys<-case
president<-amod compound
member<-nummod det nmod compound
general<-cc conj
compliance<-case cop nsubj nmod mark
study<-case compound
revenue<-dep compound
rival<-ccomp
come<-advcl dobj
depress<-cc conj dobj nsubj
maturity<-case amod
redeem<-dobj nsubj
device<-det det:predet
memory<-case
employee<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss
mark<-nummod nmod
mixture<-case det nmod amod
insufficient<-xcomp cop
claim<-nmod dobj
beginning<-neg det nmod
Delicious<-cc acl:relcl det compound
procreation<-case cc conj
estimate<-case cop dep advmod nmod amod nmod:poss
interruption<-det compound
loafer<-case cc conj nmod:poss amod
Hacksaw<-cc conj
example<-cop nsubj det nmod amod advcl
day<-case dep advmod det
Manhattan<-case amod
keep<-parataxis dep advmod dobj nsubj
out<-case det amod
buy<-cc cop conj nsubj mark
be<-dep nsubj expl mark
call<-compound:prt dobj
offer<-dep aux nmod cop
shut<-auxpass compound:prt nsubjpass nmod mark
letter<-det amod
drawback<-nmod:poss amod
recover<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
goods<-case det amod
hear<-aux nsubj dobj advmod advcl
Esso<-appos
economics<-case amod
boost<-nmod
outlay<-det
buy<-parataxis dobj mark
take<-nsubj nmod ccomp
Electric<-acl:relcl compound
1992<-case cc conj cc:preconj
flight<-nmod:poss amod
clarification<-nmod
favor<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
faster<-nmod:npmod nmod
responsibility<-nmod nsubj
Exchequer<-case det
UNC<-dep advmod
reveler<-amod
Administration<-case cc conj det compound
own<-nmod dobj
wagon<-det nmod
mature<-nmod:tmod nsubj
collector<-case compound
component<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
do<-xcomp aux nmod
head<-nmod compound
hit<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
begin<-nsubj nmod dobj advcl aux mark
reflect<-nsubj dobj nmod advcl
look<-cc conj nmod dobj
activist<-case nmod amod
pipe<-amod
worry<-cop nmod nsubj
insulin<-nmod:poss
themselves<-case acl:relcl
$<-cop nsubj cc nummod mark conj
Reports<-case det compound
report<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
lose<-nsubj advmod dobj discourse mark
Omnicom<-case
purchase<-aux cop nmod nsubj
transfer<-nmod dobj
mark<-case cc conj det
out<-cop nmod ccomp
give<-dobj iobj advmod nsubj
blame<-cc conj mark
Plant<-nmod:poss nmod compound
Palace<-case compound nmod:poss advmod amod
survivor<-case nmod
crimp<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
maintain<-aux ccomp nsubj
advertising<-cc dep dobj
quality<-case amod
testing<-cc conj nmod amod
different<-cop nsubj cc advmod nmod conj
let<-aux dobj neg nsubj
title<-dep amod
disagree<-cc advmod nsubj
pandemonium<-compound amod
whirlwind<-case det nmod
misquotation<-nmod:tmod nmod
smaller<-nmod:npmod dep
1950s<-case appos det amod
franchisee<-nmod:poss
rectangle<-case det
make<-dep aux nmod mark
debris<-case dep compound
get<-dep aux nsubj
restructure<-xcomp
buy-out<-case det compound
foreshadow<-cop nmod nsubj
student<-case det compound
score<-amod
tape<-ccomp nsubj
worth<-cop nsubj dep neg advmod mark
hope<-neg nmod
steelmaker<-compound
be<-advcl advmod ccomp nsubj
much<-cop advmod ccomp neg nsubj
Night<-case cc conj
mustard<-case cc conj appos
hitch<-nmod amod
wipe<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
abolish<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
list<-dobj nmod nsubj
concept<-cop compound det nmod amod
move<-advmod dobj nmod mark
unwind<-dobj mark
shipbuilder<-det amod
design<-case det nmod
Fed<-case det nmod amod
divert<-auxpass nmod
skyrocket<-cop ccomp
standard<-case cc conj compound
contact<-case acl:relcl
copper<-dep cop nmod
need<-nsubj dobj advcl
chair<-case det nmod amod
force<-nmod:poss amod
desecration<-nmod
rendering<-case det nmod
way<-compound
(<-case det amod
feature<-cc conj compound nmod:poss amod
change<-advmod nsubj
counteract<-dep advmod dobj
relieve<-aux dobj nmod mark
complicated<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass
genius<-cop advcl det amod
swoon<-det nmod compound
article<-case nmod amod
gain<-dep dobj advmod nsubj
these<-case dep
mix<-cc cop conj nmod
pitch<-xcomp nsubj ccomp
strengthen<-advcl advmod mark
feed<-cop nmod nsubj
c<-nummod det nmod
raider<-advmod det
outside.the<-dep dobj nsubj
lbo<-amod
remainder<-det
culture<-case nummod
meeting<-case det nmod compound
tip<-nummod nmod amod
state<-cop advmod acl:relcl
assume<-advcl dobj nsubj
funding<-det nmod amod
marriage<-case det
raise<-nmod mark
reverberate<-cop advmod
result<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
deteriorate<-nsubj nmod mark
keep<-aux advmod dobj
allow<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
great<-cop advmod ccomp nsubj
toll<-det
result<-nummod acl:relcl det nmod
1985<-case advmod acl:relcl
charge<-nsubj dobj mark
business<-case nmod:poss nmod
managua.and<-case nmod
transaction<-case det nmod compound
total<-compound
pro-choice<-cop nsubj cc advmod dep conj
wind<-cop expl nmod mark
Class<-compound
legislature<-case det compound
Robins<-case
solicitation<-nmod
deadline<-det nmod
pilot<-case nmod:poss amod
blame<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
289<-case
successful<-dep advmod nmod
supply<-nmod dobj
1.5753<-case dep
falter<-dep nsubj ccomp nmod mark
salespeople<-case acl:relcl compound
Defense<-cc conj det nmod
%<-cop nsubj nummod advmod mark advcl aux
gauge<-cop acl:relcl det amod
ruling<-case det nmod
nearly<-cop ccomp
production<-case det nmod amod
busy<-cop nsubj ccomp advmod mark
provision<-acl:relcl det nmod
widespread<-cop nmod
blend<-dobj mark
parakeet<-case acl:relcl det
have<-xcomp nsubj nmod mark
yearend<-case
527.39<-appos
rain<-case nmod
giant<-case nmod:poss nmod compound
entrepreneur<-dep det
re-supply<-cop nmod
trading<-dep compound amod
tradition<-case compound amod
set<-dobj compound:prt nmod mark
expect<-xcomp nsubj neg dobj aux mark
business<-cop compound det mark
entry<-case
series<-compound det amod
reign<-nmod:poss amod
Block<-dep compound
thousand<-nummod
sensation<-acl det amod
Estonia<-case nmod
confused<-auxpass advmod
spokesman<-appos det nmod compound
tradition<-nmod:poss amod
fund<-nsubj ccomp mark
embargo<-dobj nmod nsubj
reinforce<-case nmod dobj
team<-cop nsubj cc det nmod amod
Mexico<-amod
agriculture<-compound
await<-aux dobj nsubj
trick<-compound det amod
Motley<-case compound
star<-dep nmod:poss
guess<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
question<-nsubj dobj advmod advcl
expect<-dep advmod mark
liquidation<-case appos det
capacity<-compound amod
risky<-cc cop conj nsubj mark
commodity<-case cc conj
restaurant<-case nmod:poss amod
clear<-cc conj compound:prt dobj mark
develop<-aux nmod mark
dedicate<-compound
define<-aux cop advmod neg nsubj
purchasing<-case det
book<-case det det:predet
development<-cop amod det nsubj
Coleman<-case cc conj compound
client<-compound nmod:poss amod
district<-nmod nsubj
palm<-dep amod
stop<-ccomp mark
Macy<-case cc conj compound
canvas<-dep det nmod amod
method<-cop det nmod amod
form<-nmod amod
price<-case nmod compound
squeeze<-dep dobj mark
despair<-case
define<-dobj
figure<-cop nmod nsubj
diet<-case det amod
Laband<-advmod compound
system<-dep det
general<-case det nmod compound
streamline<-dobj nmod mark
account<-cc conj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
produce<-aux nmod nsubj
hit<-case nmod
ticket<-case det amod
peril<-det
adjustment<-dep det compound
increase<-cc conj det nmod amod
be<-aux dobj ccomp neg nsubj
pertinent<-cop ccomp nsubj
runner<-compound amod
Deposit<-case compound
grant<-xcomp aux advcl nmod nsubj
Valuable<-advmod
INC.<-appos advmod compound
point<-xcomp nsubj
headquarters<-case cop nsubj neg nmod nmod:poss
acquisition<-cop nummod det nmod
put<-aux nsubj ccomp nmod advcl
discipline<-cc conj det nmod
true<-dep cop advmod nmod
1101/8<-dep compound
evaluate<-ccomp
plane<-cc nummod conj
color<-case amod
upset<-cop advcl
include<-nsubj cc nmod dobj conj mark
year<-dep nummod nmod
Mesa<-appos
password<-case nmod:poss
filing<-nmod:poss
feature<-det nmod amod
Masterson<-case cc conj compound
Andersen<-appos compound
surplus<-compound nmod amod
student<-compound det acl:relcl amod
business<-neg amod
Tipasa<-case
defendant<-nmod
develop<-ccomp
share<-nsubj advmod dobj
ad<-dep
doorstep<-case advmod det nmod compound
school<-nmod amod
Gutfreunds<-advmod det
Greenberg<-case compound
show<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
capable<-advcl nsubj
gas<-case acl:relcl
Mubarak<-case cc conj nmod:poss compound
arbitrage<-nmod amod
seat<-compound amod
place<-cop amod det nmod nsubj
cut<-xcomp aux advcl nsubj
favor<-dobj mark
feel<-xcomp nmod mark
coach<-dep nsubj
performance<-nummod compound amod
say<-nsubj nmod dobj
see<-nsubj cc neg nmod dobj aux conj
common<-amod
crowd<-case dobj nsubj
much<-dep case
rose<-cc conj nsubj
explosive<-cc conj
waste<-case
due<-nmod:npmod nmod
bar<-acl:relcl compound
announce<-dep dobj
cut<-advmod nsubj dobj nmod advcl
price<-case nmod:poss
Edelman<-compound
Senator<-cc conj det
get<-advmod nmod nsubj
responsible<-aux cop nsubj advcl
ad<-nmod:poss compound
bunt<-det
letter<-case nummod det nmod compound
Sept.<-case nummod acl:relcl nmod
Bowl<-case det nmod compound
fee<-advmod det nmod amod
90<-case dep nmod
center<-xcomp nsubj nmod mark
succeed<-aux advmod neg nsubj
think<-nsubj mark
bid<-dep amod
hour<-case advmod det amod
include<-dep aux nsubj dobj mark
internal<-cc cop conj nmod
invest<-advcl nsubj
tumble<-dep advmod compound
draw<-aux nsubj dobj advcl
activity<-cop nsubj cc det acl:relcl conj
Treasury<-case cc conj amod
capability<-case compound
Aerospace<-cc conj nmod:poss
squabble<-case det compound
allow<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
Sidhpur<-case nmod
become<-xcomp nsubj nmod mark
approach<-ccomp nsubj
existentialist<-case det acl
Alamo<-case cc conj det
expose<-aux advmod mark
store<-compound amod
cash<-dobj nmod mark
recommendation<-det
asset<-nmod:poss nmod
know<-dep ccomp nmod nsubj
wrongdoing<-case nmod
equity<-case nmod amod
Millis<-appos compound
1929<-case
compare<-cop amod nmod nsubj
South<-case cc conj det
shortcoming<-nmod
accounting<-dep amod
please<-xcomp cop
Bush<-cop acl:relcl compound
shortly<-nmod
trot<-dobj compound:prt
category<-compound
judge<-cop nsubj det nmod amod mark
offputting<-advmod
market<-appos det amod
awareness<-cop advmod nmod
climb<-dep amod compound
secure<-cop nsubj neg nmod mark advcl aux
customer<-case compound
psychology<-det nmod
slab<-case amod
specialist<-case cc conj det nmod
enough<-xcomp aux cop neg nsubj
Demler<-case appos compound
clear<-cop nsubj neg nmod ccomp aux
drag<-aux advcl dobj
husband<-nmod nsubj
square<-auxpass nmod compound:prt
map<-advmod compound:prt nmod dobj nsubj
skier<-case acl:relcl det
overtime<-amod
control<-nmod compound
keep<-dep aux dobj compound:prt nsubj
report<-aux advcl nmod dobj
drug<-case det
sell<-compound:prt nmod mark
designate<-cc conj advmod nmod
Tiant<-appos compound amod
republican<-dep advmod dobj
earn<-advcl advmod nmod dobj
unit<-case nmod:poss nmod compound
ask<-xcomp advmod
miss<-nmod compound:prt
week<-case cc nummod det amod conj
peak<-nmod compound
express<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
leader<-case dep nmod:poss
blame<-case nmod
largest<-case cop advmod det nsubj
adjustment<-det
DDI<-case nmod:poss
document<-cc conj
cost<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
know<-nsubj mark
Lang<-dep
England<-case acl:relcl compound
adapt<-nmod mark
zoology<-case
equipment<-cc conj compound
view<-compound det nmod amod
65<-case
suffer<-aux advmod nsubj neg mark
veil<-dep dobj
learn<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
introduce<-aux ccomp nsubj
confusion<-case
guilty<-cop nsubj nmod advcl
speak<-advcl
concerned<-auxpass advmod mark
McMahon<-compound
but<-conj advmod
challenge<-case amod nmod compound
surge<-dep nmod:poss
succumb<-case nmod
poll<-det nmod
masseur<-det amod
charges.he<-dep parataxis advmod nsubj
propose<-aux nsubj ccomp nmod mark
increase<-iobj nmod dobj
include<-dobj csubj mark
passenger<-dep nummod
policy<-case cc conj det nmod
confiscated.the<-cop ccomp
rule<-nsubj neg compound:prt advcl aux dobj
car<-dep advmod nmod amod
Steinberg<-case compound
invite<-nmod mark
gobble<-auxpass nmod compound:prt
come<-aux advmod compound:prt csubj mark
speak<-cc conj nmod
Industria<-compound
writer<-dep nummod
beer<-case compound
hit<-nmod dobj
manipulation<-case compound
breath<-case amod
remain<-xcomp aux conj cc nsubj
Ballhaus<-case compound
voice<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
Spectator<-case det compound
increase<-advcl nsubj dobj advmod mark
advertise<-xcomp aux nsubj advcl
agree<-xcomp auxpass
Machon<-appos compound
scathing<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
price<-dobj mark
regularly<-case dep nmod
march<-det amod
end<-case cc nummod det nmod compound conj
EST<-nummod advmod nmod
maker<-cc nummod det amod compound conj
eager<-xcomp cop advmod
average<-cop
creak<-cc conj mark
Barbara<-case compound
grade<-nummod nmod
decline<-xcomp nmod nsubj
market-maker<-dep det
value<-dep cop nsubj nmod mark
Survey<-case det compound
culture<-dep det
director<-case compound amod
Producers<-case det compound
handle<-advcl advmod dobj
secret<-case acl:relcl det amod
chance<-nmod:poss acl
incur<-dep advcl dobj
country<-case advmod det nmod
school<-nmod:poss
Pioneer<-dep cc
family<-case dep
evil<-cc cop conj nsubj mark
first<-dep cop det
bacterium<-case acl:relcl det
change<-aux advmod dobj
test<-det amod
investigate<-aux advmod dobj
interest<-case cop nsubj det xcomp amod
dodge<-cc advcl conj dobj nsubj
Bates<-cc conj compound
incorporate<-auxpass nmod
test<-dep dobj mark
talk<-case cop nsubj nmod mark
put<-advcl advmod compound:prt dobj nsubj
press<-nmod amod
examine<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
firm<-case nummod
thing<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
carrier<-case compound det amod
cause<-xcomp
unawareness<-case nmod amod
comply<-advcl mark
winter<-case det amod
live<-case nmod amod
membership<-case compound
earn<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
add<-nsubj nmod mark
available<-aux cop nsubj nmod mark
say<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
investor<-cc conj det compound
Rosenthal<-nmod compound
higher<-nummod nmod
disappointment<-compound
chamber<-cc case det nmod amod
time<-nummod compound
original<-dobj iobj nsubj
report<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
two<-cc conj acl
buy<-cc dobj nmod nsubj
lay<-nmod nsubj
bulk<-case det nmod
car.the<-compound
21,687<-advmod
interest<-nsubj
Colo.<-case compound
prefer<-xcomp advmod
Finney<-case compound
do<-dep nsubj nmod dobj
busload<-case det nmod
18<-case dep compound det amod
oppose<-dep aux nsubj dobj
shrink<-dobj
ship<-nummod compound det nmod amod
trade-off<-det
relationship<-amod det det:predet
operate<-xcomp nmod nsubj
total<-dobj
Ltd.<-appos
chef<-cc compound
bid<-neg advmod nsubj
say<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
jump<-amod det compound
usurpation<-cop nsubj det nmod amod aux mark
erosion<-case det nmod
confirm<-aux advmod dobj neg
topic<-nmod amod
year<-aux cop nmod nsubj
money<-nummod det
Edelson<-nmod compound
editorial<-nummod compound
schedule<-dobj mark
earthquake<-case det amod
Asia<-case nummod
spot<-advcl dobj mark
adversary<-advmod det
cut<-case det nmod compound
each<-case
prepare<-xcomp auxpass nmod mark
Rainbow<-case
worth<-case det compound
reject<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
business<-advmod nmod:poss amod
day<-case compound amod
group<-case acl:relcl det nmod amod
Chancellor<-nmod
gigolo<-det amod
premium<-acl:relcl det det:predet
rise<-cc det nmod amod
open<-advmod advcl
parent<-nmod:poss compound
action<-dep advmod
cash<-compound:prt nmod mark
participant<-case amod
version<-acl:relcl det nmod compound
come<-advmod nmod mark
net<-amod
survey<-case nummod appos compound
rug<-amod
people<-case nummod acl
1025/8<-dep compound
crematorium<-case cc conj compound
model<-cop det nmod mark
user<-case det compound
growth<-nmod:poss nmod compound
drop<-advmod dobj mark
underlie<-dobj nsubj
settle<-aux advmod
care<-xcomp neg nsubj mark
scare<-dobj nsubj
ease<-nsubj nmod dobj advcl aux mark
creditor<-case det nmod amod
Afghans<-case
newspaper<-neg
unite<-cop advmod neg
poetry<-case compound
buy<-dep aux dobj nmod nsubj
sign<-det nmod det:predet
Mr.Dingell<-dep nmod
Mansion<-nsubj dobj mark
rise<-case compound det acl amod
1937<-case nmod
whiskey<-nmod:poss
make<-cc conj nsubj dobj mark
revenue<-cop advmod nmod compound
sector<-dep case nummod det appos
booking<-nmod mark
expert<-case
scary<-advmod
target<-det nmod amod
business<-case dep amod
languish<-auxpass nmod
stadium<-case acl:relcl
engineer<-cc conj nsubj
approve<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
Marks<-case cc conj compound
media<-case det compound
decline<-cc aux conj cop
convict<-advcl advmod nmod dobj
6.2<-advmod
drubbing<-advcl det amod
executive<-dep det
allow<-xcomp nsubj nmod dobj
HENRI<-dep compound
financing<-det det:predet
Dworkin<-case compound acl:relcl amod
language<-case det
slimmer<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
Corbehem<-case compound det amod
tag<-compound
retire<-dobj nmod mark
understand<-xcomp
aide<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
call<-cc xcomp dobj nsubj
impress<-case compound
ease<-xcomp mark
earnings<-dep det
start<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj conj
close<-cc cop conj nsubj
speculator<-amod compound
indicator<-det nmod
outperform<-dobj
343/4<-case advmod
provision<-nmod
cushioning<-dep compound nmod mark
pay<-nsubj
Seita<-cc acl:relcl
Democrats<-cc det amod dep compound conj
reap<-dobj
be<-cc aux conj neg nsubj
yielding<-advmod
subsidiary<-dep det compound
must<-dep nsubj
TVA<-det nmod
session<-case nmod:poss
soul<-det
branch<-case nmod
dogma<-case cc conj amod
team<-case nummod nmod
rod<-case compound
quickly<-dep cc conj advmod advcl
intuition<-auxpass ccomp
widen<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
Drexel<-acl:relcl
autonomy<-acl:relcl det
mishandle<-case compound
5/8<-advmod
prove<-advmod nmod dobj
quarter<-case nummod det appos amod
spokesman<-det nmod compound
net<-det nmod amod
remember<-advcl nsubj advmod dobj
Hartnett<-acl:relcl compound
Strieber<-cop advmod acl:relcl compound
worth<-cop nsubj dep advmod cc aux conj
fear<-ccomp
adjust<-dobj mark
daily<-advmod
introduce<-aux dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
money<-acl det amod
lawyer<-case compound
get<-cc conj advmod nmod
package<-nummod amod
Jose<-compound
hold<-nsubj dep nmod mark cc conj
enact<-aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod:tmod mark
Union<-case det nmod compound
1.5765<-case dep acl:relcl
leader<-compound nmod amod
steward<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
indexing<-case det
spring<-cc conj amod
be<-dep nsubj advmod nmod mark
badge<-cc conj det
portray<-nsubj dobj mark
Hekhmatyar<-case cc conj compound
wife<-dep
loan<-det compound
pessimistic<-advmod
damage<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
burn<-dobj nmod mark
Binder<-appos compound
adjudicators.coach<-nmod dobj
pressure<-case cop dep advmod xcomp nmod
investor<-case dep compound det amod
less<-nmod:npmod cop advmod ccomp
reaction<-case nmod:poss
criminal<-dep advmod
March<-case dep nummod advmod
$<-case nummod advmod det nmod amod
skepticism<-amod
world-wide<-advcl
House<-case cc appos compound conj nmod:poss
get<-nsubj advmod advcl
estimate<-dep cop nmod
trouble<-cop advcl
Zaita<-dep dobj
adapting<-cop nsubj dep det nmod advcl
risk<-nmod:poss
test<-nmod:poss amod
report<-dep xcomp advmod nsubj
$<-cop nummod advmod nmod
reporter<-case cc conj acl:relcl compound
save<-nmod nsubj
power<-det compound
type<-case cop det xcomp nsubj
figure<-ccomp
double<-nsubj advmod nmod:tmod nmod dobj aux
worse<-cop nsubj ccomp mark
follow<-ccomp
record-keeping<-cc cop conj acl:relcl det
seem<-cc xcomp nsubj advcl
unreliable<-cop
auspicious<-aux cop advmod nsubj
meander<-nmod nsubj
Pacific<-nmod:poss compound
sell<-advcl mark
summer<-det nmod
smoke<-dobj nmod nsubj
Geffen<-case acl:relcl compound
limit<-xcomp aux cop nmod nsubj
champagne<-amod
Levine<-case nmod compound
camera<-cc conj
hold<-aux advmod nsubj
band<-xcomp compound:prt mark
develop<-dobj nmod advmod mark
company<-cc conj det nmod compound
detail<-case det nmod
resolve<-cop mark
encounter<-det compound
franc<-case nummod advmod
provide<-xcomp aux nsubj
play<-nmod nsubj
predict<-xcomp
convert<-aux dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
do<-advcl compound:prt nmod mark
speaker<-nmod amod
way<-cop nummod advmod acl
lot<-dep det nmod
set<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj
folklore<-case amod
secretary<-case det
cut<-nmod compound:prt
reason<-case advmod amod
high<-case advmod det nmod amod
checkpoint<-case nmod
pilot<-cc conj cc:preconj det
make<-advcl aux dobj neg nsubj
hour<-case compound det amod
thrust<-cc conj advcl dobj nsubj
Brown<-case acl
product<-case acl:relcl det amod
problem<-cc cop conj det compound
opera<-det compound
worker<-det compound
foray<-compound
accompany<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
come<-parataxis aux nmod compound:prt
art<-case amod advmod det det:predet
target<-case det amod
fixation<-case det nmod
eat<-advmod nsubj
fit<-case det nmod amod
process<-dobj mark
identification<-cc appos nmod:poss conj
expect<-cc aux advmod nmod neg
bankruptcy<-case acl:relcl det amod
tell<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
talk<-cc det nmod
segment<-acl:relcl det compound
14<-nmod
respect<-nmod amod
slow<-cc conj
pull<-nmod dobj
League<-det nmod compound
stimulant<-case det
appeal<-cc conj det
owe<-dep advmod nsubj
shake<-advmod dobj nsubj
unmistakable<-cop nsubj mark
quote<-xcomp auxpass nmod
lose<-advmod nsubj
emission<-nmod:poss compound
arrange<-xcomp advmod nsubj
rule<-dep advmod nsubj
blunder<-nmod mark
visitor<-compound det nmod amod
member<-case det nmod
convict<-xcomp
spin<-advcl aux compound:prt nmod nsubj
kill<-dobj nmod mark
cancer<-case appos compound
well<-cc conj cc:preconj
risk-averse<-advmod
Fleet/Norstar<-dep nsubj
fall<-case amod
close<-cop nmod:tmod nsubj
pledge<-case det acl
703/8<-dep compound
due<-nmod nsubj
output<-dep nmod
top<-case cop nmod
People<-case
skirt<-case compound det amod
aspen<-case amod
define<-aux advcl
cut<-dep nmod
patronize<-auxpass nmod mark
business<-compound advmod amod
use<-det acl
tune<-case cop nmod nsubj
be<-nsubj cc neg advmod aux conj
success<-cc dep nmod
48,000<-case dep
shift<-cop nmod
payer<-cop nsubj nmod amod
investment<-cc conj
insurere<-xcomp
dramatization<-nmod compound
official<-case nummod acl det compound
apartment<-cc conj
999<-case dep
player<-case advmod det
exchange<-nummod det compound
masseur<-det
news<-case cc conj det
do<-nsubj cc advmod dobj advcl aux conj
firing<-case cc conj det nmod
well<-cop advmod ccomp mark
activity<-det nmod
small<-dep cc conj
own<-advcl dobj nsubj
involve<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod mark
undermine<-auxpass nmod mark
leave<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
election<-amod nmod compound
american<-dep det amod
mushroom<-nmod
as<-dep nmod
infiltrate<-aux advmod dobj
lobby<-case det nmod
protection<-nmod:poss amod
CD<-det nmod amod
salesman<-case det compound
agreement<-neg amod
sell<-cc cop conj nsubj
Browder<-case cc conj
comparison<-compound amod
higher<-dep cop nmod ccomp
one<-cop nsubj advcl advmod det compound
exhibitor<-amod
occur<-aux compound:prt dobj nsubj
virus<-det compound
do<-aux nsubj advcl dobj
hen<-case cc conj det amod
implication<-cop det nmod nsubj
defect<-appos compound
grow<-parataxis nsubj nmod mark
attach<-dobj nmod mark
influence<-dep det nmod amod
donate<-nmod
link<-det det:predet
committee<-case cc nummod conj amod
decision<-nsubj advcl det amod compound aux
bring<-aux nmod neg nsubj
say<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
technology<-cop det nmod amod compound mark
gainer<-cop dep advmod det nmod dobj amod
everybody<-cc conj
release<-cop nsubj nmod mark
look<-xcomp cc conj mark
exhibition<-case det amod
evolve<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
periphery<-case det
attitude<-det compound
unit<-case dep nmod:poss
message<-case det amod
average<-acl:relcl
have<-dep aux xcomp nsubj
disagree<-aux advmod neg
log<-case nmod
give<-parataxis dobj nmod mark
alarm<-det compound
volatility<-case nmod
down<-nmod:npmod aux nsubj nmod mark
estimate<-dep
do<-advcl advmod nmod nsubj
turn<-cc aux dobj nmod nsubj
adopt<-advmod nmod nsubj
operation<-nmod:poss nmod
make<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
clout<-nmod amod
equity<-dep amod
surround<-auxpass nmod
people<-neg advmod nmod amod
government<-case acl:relcl det nmod
Dannemiller<-appos compound
suit<-nummod acl:relcl amod
decline<-xcomp nsubj mark
determine<-dobj nsubj
self-confidence<-case
stake<-compound nsubj
number<-det nmod det:predet
commit<-nsubj nmod mark
agreement<-case cc det amod compound conj
bullish<-cop advmod nmod
hard<-xcomp cop nsubj advmod advcl
60<-dep compound
chain<-xcomp nsubj
bring<-aux nsubj compound:prt nmod mark
do<-xcomp nsubj neg advmod mark aux
time<-dep amod
buy-out<-case nmod:poss compound
posturing<-case advmod
open<-aux nsubj dobj compound:prt advcl
outfit<-xcomp
investigator<-acl:relcl det
way<-dep cop det nsubj
measure<-case compound nmod amod
earlier<-nmod:npmod nmod
subsidy<-case det
oppose<-advcl dobj mark
reserve<-nmod:poss amod
overhaul<-case det nmod
England<-case det
sequestration<-case cop nsubj nmod:poss mark
make<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
shell<-compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
turban<-case cc conj amod
option<-case cc conj amod
bid<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
week<-appos det nmod amod
building<-case compound det amod
stability<-acl:relcl det amod
fit<-nsubj neg advmod nmod mark aux
ballooning<-case cc conj
climb<-nmod compound:prt
costly<-aux cop
youth<-det
hearing<-acl:relcl det compound
thing<-advmod det nmod amod
employee<-nummod amod
appetite<-det nmod
S&P<-compound
cedar<-case compound
finance<-cc conj nmod
index<-compound det nmod amod
justify<-xcomp nsubj dep neg mark aux
impact<-case det
reach<-aux dobj
gain<-mark nmod:tmod nsubj
colleague<-nummod
Cosby<-case cc conj compound
we<-cc conj
work<-nmod:poss nmod
science<-case
line<-case dep nmod:poss
disengage<-dobj nmod mark
corpse<-det amod
shareholder<-cc conj det
showing<-det nmod amod
erode<-advcl mark
behemoth<-det amod
warn<-ccomp nmod dobj
soar<-nmod dobj
be<-parataxis advmod ccomp nsubj
volume<-compound det amod
park<-nmod dobj
ride<-cop det nmod compound
Index.But<-case det compound
prohibit<-auxpass nmod
Aerospace<-cc conj
bracket<-case compound det amod
plot<-cc conj det
invest<-nsubj advmod nmod ccomp aux mark
go<-advmod nmod advcl
homeowner<-case cc conj
introduce<-ccomp mark
reset<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
expansion<-case det nmod amod
squad<-case dep nummod det
sensibility<-case det nmod amod
unlawful<-nsubj
scientist<-case det
write<-case nmod ccomp
savings<-cc conj nmod:poss amod
IBM<-case cop advmod nmod acl amod
institution<-nummod amod
address<-advmod dobj mark
model<-case det nmod amod
Holliston<-dep
learn<-case advmod ccomp
reconciliation<-det compound
fisherman<-cc conj amod
term<-aux cop advmod nsubj
move<-cop nsubj
firm<-case cc conj compound
compete<-aux advmod nmod
credit<-compound det amod
leader<-cop nsubj cc det nmod compound conj
capture<-parataxis advmod nmod ccomp auxpass nsubjpass
spoil<-dep nmod mark
experience<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
s&p-500<-case det
battle<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
set<-advcl dobj compound:prt nmod mark
retire<-xcomp aux nsubj nmod mark
motivate<-cc aux conj cop nsubj
say<-aux nsubj ccomp dobj
Aronson<-case dep compound
dress<-aux dobj compound:prt nmod nsubj
cause<-nsubj ccomp mark
regard<-cop nmod nsubj
cool<-nmod:poss
drop<-nmod mark
serve<-advmod
show<-cc advmod compound:prt nsubj
lawyer<-cc conj compound
store<-aux nmod dobj
word<-neg
proceeds<-amod
Memphis<-case
dissatisfaction<-cc advcl
get<-xcomp advmod mark
breed<-case cop nsubj det xcomp mark
know<-neg advcl nsubj
decide<-nsubj ccomp mark
safe<-neg advmod
have<-nsubj dep advmod nmod dobj advcl
relay<-nmod dobj
hear<-aux nmod neg nsubj
Haskins<-case cc conj
penny<-case nummod appos
achieve<-cop nsubj cc advmod aux conj
perform<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
knock<-nmod mark
find<-nsubj neg dobj advcl aux mark
pocket<-nmod amod
spark<-mark
block<-case det
merger<-case nmod:poss amod
people<-cop det amod
involve<-nmod dobj
have<-cc dep auxpass dobj
lard<-det
Powers<-compound
finish<-cc conj advmod nmod nsubj
about<-cc aux advmod xcomp nsubj
McKim<-compound
climb<-case nmod:poss
lower<-nummod
demand<-dep compound amod
Continental<-cc conj
Healthcare<-case
cd<-case compound det amod
understand<-ccomp nsubj
rioting<-case cc conj
student<-case acl:relcl det amod
finesse<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
most<-case acl:relcl
arise<-mark
Roxboro<-dep
Dept.<-case cc conj det nmod
frighten<-cop advcl
boost<-cop nmod
Russell<-compound
invest<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
cater<-xcomp mark
40<-case dep
killing<-xcomp
act<-cop nsubj det acl aux amod
hold<-dobj compound:prt
file<-aux dobj nsubj
competitor<-nsubj ccomp mark
dollar<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
5.70<-case dep
qualify<-mark
carrier<-amod
promise<-acl compound
correspondence<-case cc conj amod
need<-case det
fume<-cop nmod nsubj
suit<-det nmod acl
earthquake<-dep det
file<-acl:relcl det nmod compound
negotiate<-advcl dobj
first<-cop advmod det nmod nsubj
contents<-det nmod
Electron<-dep compound
open<-ccomp nsubj
perfect<-aux nmod nsubj
share<-dep advcl
unhinge<-cop nmod nsubj
announce<-nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
file<-dep neg dobj mark
seek<-nsubj nmod:tmod nmod dobj advcl aux
hold<-xcomp nsubj
463/4<-case dep nummod advmod cc conj
work<-advmod mark
leak<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
circuit<-compound det amod
game<-nummod
installment<-acl:relcl det
Hooker<-nmod compound
want<-dep nsubj ccomp advcl
Bloomingdale<-case acl
stay<-cc advcl conj compound:prt mark
bank<-cc conj det
project<-compound amod
pay<-aux nsubj dobj mark
recession<-cop nsubj det amod advcl aux
support<-nsubj cc advmod dobj aux conj
report<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
sign<-case cc neg nmod acl conj
market<-dep advmod nsubj
Nabisco<-case
create<-cc conj advmod nmod nsubj
board<-case compound
be<-xcomp nmod expl
poverty<-case det
volatile<-cop mark
Nov.<-case cc nummod conj nmod
maintenance<-case cc conj compound
trader<-case appos det amod
Gintel<-compound
alarming<-advmod
high<-advcl cop advmod neg nsubj
exposure<-case nmod amod
publicity<-cc conj compound
staging<-acl:relcl det compound
silver<-case compound
attribute<-nmod dobj
confidentiality<-case
judiciary<-dep det amod
dispense<-aux nmod nsubj
Esber<-dep cc conj compound
defer<-dobj nmod mark
point<-dep cop nummod advmod case
same<-cop det nmod nsubj
plaintiff<-amod
mode<-case nmod amod
salesperson<-det
never<-case
country<-det nmod compound
piece<-acl:relcl det nmod
advise<-advmod ccomp nsubj
section<-det nmod compound
start<-nsubj dobj advcl
cross<-cc aux conj dobj
fall<-xcomp advmod mark
States<-dep compound det amod
masse<-compound
nine-tenth<-nmod
Telephone<-case compound
point<-cc nmod nsubj
53<-dep nmod compound
kind<-cop det nmod compound
bid<-case compound det nmod amod
enforce<-advcl mark
while<-case advmod det acl compound amod
McCall<-nmod compound
odds<-case aux advcl
Campo<-case
remain<-advmod mark
Ferguson<-dep compound
creativity<-case dep nmod:poss
Stanley<-case cc conj compound
cross<-advmod dobj nsubj
mid-1995<-case
dominate<-cc aux conj dobj mark
time<-cc conj det nmod
contractor<-case det
attorney<-compound det amod
close<-dobj nmod compound:prt
security<-nmod compound
certificate<-cop amod nmod nsubj
garner<-dobj nsubj
size<-parataxis nsubj dobj compound:prt mark
comment<-aux nsubj nmod advcl
PS<-case nmod
american<-cc advmod dobj dep auxpass nsubjpass aux
partner<-nummod nmod
row<-acl:relcl nmod compound
boost<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
gizmo<-case det det:predet
tax<-det
know<-cc conj advmod ccomp nsubj
tax<-dep
ask<-xcomp cop conj cc nsubj
promote<-dep cop advmod
contract<-cop amod det nmod mark
practice<-nmod:poss compound
Wertheimer<-dep compound
cite<-cc advmod dobj nmod nsubj
subject<-aux advcl nmod cop
recommendation<-case acl:relcl det nmod amod
disappoint<-aux cop advcl nsubj
grant<-cc conj
benefit<-case cc det amod compound conj
limit<-dep det
Avenue<-case compound
prohibition<-amod
go<-cc conj advmod
rise<-dep compound
precedent<-det amod
new<-nmod:npmod cop nsubj ccomp mark
Bell<-case det
other<-case dep det
match<-ccomp mark
average<-det nmod ccomp
labor<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
choose<-dep aux advmod xcomp nsubj
arouse<-xcomp nsubj
education<-case cc conj det nmod
resource<-nmod
credit<-case cc conj nmod amod
Eurocom<-case nmod:poss
account<-nmod mark
run<-advcl aux dobj nmod nsubj
skeptical<-cc cop nmod nsubj
currency<-nmod amod
Koppel<-compound
go<-aux compound:prt dobj nsubj
Shea<-case cc conj
great<-cop advmod nmod
culmination<-det nmod
decline<-parataxis advmod dobj
shove<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
vehicle<-nummod det nmod
live<-cc advcl conj nsubj mark
Decker<-case compound
take<-xcomp dobj nsubj
stress<-cop nsubj cc nmod compound conj
represent<-advmod dobj nsubj
select<-cop advmod nsubj
string<-case acl:relcl det nmod
action<-case det nmod
testimony<-nmod
chapter<-case det nmod compound
order<-ccomp nsubj
setback<-det nmod
chain<-case cc conj det amod
proud<-dep cop advmod nmod
fight<-advmod nmod
restrain<-xcomp mark
export<-dobj nmod mark
repeat<-cc conj nmod dobj
lower<-aux cop nsubj ccomp advcl
together<-nmod
dominate<-advmod nmod nsubj
net<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
use<-cop nsubj cc advmod nmod aux conj
achieve<-aux nsubj dobj
price<-cop nsubj nmod amod mark
journalism<-case compound
333/8<-dep compound
replace<-nsubj cc advmod dobj advcl aux conj
do<-nsubj neg advmod nmod dobj aux
bench.the<-dobj nsubj
client<-cc conj det
player<-case advmod nmod amod
school<-case cc conj
circulate<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
poverty<-dep
close<-nsubj cc compound:prt aux conj dobj
Properties<-case compound
welfare<-det nmod
file<-case dobj
Keidanren<-case appos
guideline<-nmod:poss
pianist<-det amod
Lufkin<-dep compound
address<-dep
FAA<-case advmod det
fetch<-dobj nsubj
sell<-cop nsubj dep nmod mark aux
Frawley<-case appos compound
cause<-cop nmod
quality<-nmod
support<-nsubj neg nmod dobj advcl aux
consult<-auxpass nmod
project<-neg nmod amod
reject<-dep advmod dobj nsubj
Aviv<-case compound
earn<-nsubj nmod:tmod dobj advcl aux mark
commodity<-det nmod compound
burst<-nmod
count<-cop nsubj cc neg nmod aux conj
talk<-dobj nsubj
stability<-case amod
largely<-dep
conversation<-case nmod
philosophy<-amod
examine<-dobj nsubj
have<-aux ccomp advcl nsubj
Washington<-dep
german<-case nmod amod
Technology<-dep compound
explanation<-det amod
and<-cc conj nmod
support<-cc conj dobj nsubj
depth<-det nmod
1959<-case advmod acl:relcl
vulnerable<-cop nmod
intensely<-advmod
block<-cop nsubj advmod mark acl:relcl compound nmod:poss
amuse<-xcomp cop
fuel<-cc conj
}<-case acl:relcl compound
naivete<-xcomp cop
aftermath<-det nmod
Brinkman<-appos compound
less<-cc conj
announce<-advmod dobj nsubj
include<-dep advmod dobj
gang<-case det
counting<-det nmod
take<-advcl
splitting<-xcomp nsubj advmod compound:prt aux mark
coli<-acl:relcl compound
hour<-case amod
staff<-case compound
place<-cc neg conj
scale<-acl:relcl det amod
management<-case nmod:poss
show<-dep advmod dobj nsubj
intent<-case compound
place<-nsubj dep nmod dobj cc conj compound:prt
viewpoint<-dep amod
musician<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss
ingrain<-dep cc advmod nmod
contact<-xcomp nsubj dobj advmod mark
cover<-case dep appos acl amod
west<-nmod:npmod nmod
serve<-advmod dobj nsubj
saw<-case dep det amod
premium<-case cop nmod
set<-auxpass nmod advcl
stampede<-xcomp nsubj mark
give<-parataxis aux dobj iobj nsubj
dual-career<-dep nsubj advmod dobj
indebted<-cop nsubj cc advmod dep conj
mall<-det
surprised<-cop advmod nmod
1960<-case cop nsubj appos advmod xcomp
claim<-dep cc conj nsubj
Field<-case appos compound
disability<-case cc conj
announce<-dep advmod nsubj
some<-acl:relcl
illustration<-dep
demand<-cop nmod compound
mediator<-case det
territory<-cop amod
have<-xcomp dep mark
300<-case advmod
male<-dep advmod
35689.98<-case acl
finance<-case acl:relcl
guarantee<-cop nsubj neg det nmod advcl
earn<-cc conj dobj nsubj
Salant<-cc conj compound amod
rumor<-cop advcl
industry<-compound amod
Beam<-compound
culture<-det acl
Rica<-case dep compound
critic<-dep det acl
KKR<-dep
surprise<-advcl dobj nsubj
enter<-mark
executive<-case nmod:poss
lead<-cc nmod nsubj
complete<-ccomp mark
personnel<-case
smooth<-cop cc neg advmod nmod conj
flurry<-det nmod
acquisition<-dep amod
erase<-ccomp
sell<-aux advmod nmod compound:prt
708<-case
expectation<-cop det amod
gene<-nummod
engine<-case amod
opening<-det
1.5885<-case dep nmod:tmod
come<-nsubj compound:prt nmod mark
income<-acl:relcl
have<-aux ccomp nsubj dobj mark
involve<-aux nmod neg nsubj
stand<-cop nmod advcl
dolledup<-advmod
exceed<-aux advmod ccomp nsubj
c<-case
security<-nmod:poss compound
resign<-advmod advcl
strike<-case det acl
depict<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod dobj
use<-nsubj neg nmod dobj aux mark
demand<-cc conj nmod nsubj
white<-amod
affect<-nsubj neg nmod:tmod dobj advcl aux mark
drug<-dep nummod amod
satisfy<-dobj nmod nsubj
buy-out<-nmod:poss nmod amod
historian<-det compound
transaction<-dep det
workstation<-case nmod:poss amod
withdrawal<-cc nmod:poss nmod
selection<-compound nmod amod
zap<-ccomp
expect<-xcomp nsubj neg advmod mark aux
use<-nsubj mark
semester<-case advmod det compound
true<-cop advmod nmod neg nsubj
program<-det nmod compound
teammate<-det nmod
grow<-advmod nsubj
activist<-cc conj det nmod amod
cancel<-cc conj dobj
worth<-dep aux cop nsubj
Lizhi<-case appos compound
investor<-case appos det amod
share<-advmod det amod
tailor-made<-cop nmod mark
hit<-nummod acl:relcl nmod
house<-case det acl
spend<-nmod
measure<-cop nsubj advmod nmod mark nmod:poss
option<-compound nmod:poss amod
Pont<-case nmod compound
migration<-case det amod
rate<-cc conj
spokesperson<-nmod
case<-case cop det nmod mark
reaction<-aux cop amod expl
master<-case advmod det compound
mixed<-auxpass advmod
form<-case det acl
disaster<-case det compound
building<-cop compound advmod nmod amod
business<-cop amod nsubj
pass<-compound det nmod amod
scrubber<-nmod compound
salesman<-cop cc det mark compound conj
middleman<-case dep det amod
soar<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
395,974<-case dep nmod
outweigh<-dobj nmod nsubj
swell<-nmod dobj
trust<-aux dobj neg nsubj
XL<-case compound
worker<-dep nmod compound
estimate<-cc dep nsubj
use<-dep det amod
Latin<-case
certificate<-case nmod amod
line<-dep compound
yesterday<-det compound
negotiate<-xcomp aux
contest<-case advmod det nmod amod
share<-xcomp
270<-advmod
discontinue<-dep dobj
hold<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
way<-appos
ability<-acl
presentation<-nmod amod
area<-cop det nmod amod
stimulate<-advcl dobj nmod mark
analysis<-det nmod
stimulate<-xcomp
enable<-advcl dobj nsubj
paralyze<-cop
reunification<-case
resiliently<-advmod
high<-case nmod:poss
affect<-cop advmod nmod
Capitol<-case det compound
happier<-aux cop ccomp advmod nsubj
line<-cop nsubj dep advmod cc conj
completion<-det nmod
publish<-advmod dobj nmod mark
possibility<-cop det nmod
tassel<-det
leave<-ccomp mark
do<-cc nsubj
imperial<-advmod nmod
sow<-dobj advmod nsubj
business<-advmod det
comparison<-amod
Brush<-case appos compound
Shanghai<-case
obvious<-aux cop nsubj
rush<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass
carpet<-case amod
excess<-case
privacy<-case compound
price<-dep nmod:poss compound
piston<-det
follow<-aux advmod dobj
side<-det nmod
garden<-case det nmod
relief<-compound
operation<-case appos nmod:poss compound
shipbuilder<-det acl
trust<-case acl:relcl det
swine<-case
uncommon<-xcomp cop nmod neg
shortcoming<-case det nmod amod
freedom<-case amod
analyst<-case cc conj advmod amod
Lewis<-compound
soar<-nmod compound:prt
condition<-acl:relcl nmod:poss
begin<-parataxis nmod:tmod nsubj
Giffen<-case compound
something<-dep amod
glass<-cc conj compound
send<-aux compound:prt nmod dobj
surface<-dep xcomp
)<-nsubj nmod ccomp
setup<-compound det nmod amod
stability<-case dep nmod:poss
fly<-nmod
biggest<-advmod
mark<-det amod
grasp<-case advmod
Josephine<-case
change<-advcl dobj nmod mark
taxable<-cop nmod
reduction<-compound det amod
cough<-amod
proposal<-case nmod:poss amod
need<-neg dobj mark
lash<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
LePatner<-case cc conj
profession<-dep det
be<-parataxis nsubj expl advmod advcl
politics<-case det nmod
better<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
co-chairman<-cop compound advmod nmod nsubj
fraction<-case cop nsubj cc det nmod dep conj
800,000<-advmod
feel<-parataxis nsubj advmod ccomp aux mark
be<-cc conj ccomp dobj nsubj
13,000<-advmod
look<-parataxis dep nmod nsubj
last<-nmod:tmod
politics<-cc cop conj amod
developer<-cc conj det amod
consortium<-nmod:poss compound
trader<-case cc nmod acl:relcl compound conj
politics<-cc conj det nmod
worth<-dep cop nmod:tmod
iteration<-det nmod amod
1,150,000<-case dep
be<-expl advcl nmod advmod mark
Mastro<-compound
trade<-nummod compound
out<-dep cop nmod
Paradise<-case cop nsubj advmod advcl aux
Fort<-dep nmod compound
indicate<-nsubj nmod advmod dobj
authorize<-dobj
preamble<-det acl
screen<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
meeting<-nsubj nmod mark
medal<-det amod
talk<-dep cop acl nmod nsubj
firm<-dep compound
loan<-case cc advmod dep compound conj
by<-cop nsubj ccomp mark
3.98<-dep
$<-cc dep nummod conj
survive<-mark
oppose<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
month<-cc conj det
lineman<-det amod
adviser<-nmod compound
get<-ccomp nmod mark
pressured<-advmod
empire<-case dep appos
task<-compound det amod
cut<-aux dobj nmod:tmod advcl nsubj
ghost<-cc conj nmod:poss
chaos<-cop compound nmod:tmod amod
bomber<-det compound
motor<-case
Woman/McCall<-case
stand<-case appos det
solve<-aux dobj nsubj
coupe<-dep det amod
Series<-case det
CORP.<-compound
money<-cc conj
stick<-nsubj nmod mark
upheaval<-case nmod:poss nmod
advance<-dep nsubj nmod mark
multiple<-case det nmod
republican<-det
concern<-case advmod nmod compound
drug<-dep
buyer<-case nummod det nmod
own<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj aux conj
seats.Starting<-nmod:poss
involve<-xcomp
quit<-aux dobj nsubj
Technologies<-acl:relcl compound
outlay<-amod
5.39<-cc conj
require<-advmod dobj nsubj
wave<-nmod compound
lamppost<-case nmod
president<-dep cc conj compound
thief<-dep
complete<-dep dobj nmod mark
yen<-case cc conj cc:preconj det
colleague<-parataxis amod nsubj acl mark
disbursement<-case
speculate<-aux nsubj nmod mark
reflect<-ccomp dobj
Scot<-nmod:poss compound
savings<-det nmod
break-up<-det compound
upset<-case det nmod amod
fixture<-amod
chemist-turned-entrepreneur<-det nmod amod
design<-compound det nmod amod
investor<-case cc conj nmod amod
million<-cc nummod conj amod
challenger<-det
dump<-cop neg nmod nsubj
Chiron<-appos
include<-advcl nsubj mark
tolerate<-ccomp mark
message<-case det compound
attach<-aux auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
Candlestick<-case
Warner<-dep
person<-case det nmod
feel<-xcomp aux nmod
phenomenon<-det compound
weigh<-dobj
relationship<-cop compound det amod
turn<-case compound det nmod amod
government<-det nmod
corruption.and<-dep nsubj dobj advmod ccomp
worker<-case dep nummod det nmod
include<-aux nmod nsubj
promise<-parataxis nmod nsubj
Ltd.<-case dep nmod compound
set<-cc nmod:tmod nmod compound:prt auxpass nsubjpass conj
trough<-det nmod compound
report<-advcl
Accountants<-case compound amod
want<-aux dobj
500,000<-case nmod:npmod dep advmod
voice<-ccomp dobj
leap<-nsubj cc advmod nmod advcl aux conj
translate<-nsubj ccomp nmod mark
uneven<-cop nsubj
Scottish<-cc conj
cheetah<-case det
wiggle<-advmod
present<-aux cop advcl nmod nsubj
check<-dobj nmod mark
responsibility<-compound advmod acl amod
start<-compound
Seng<-compound
cite<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
announce<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
successful<-case advmod det
mean<-nsubj advmod ccomp mark
Island<-nummod det compound
grievance<-case det
end<-nmod dobj
debt<-advmod amod
Fleet<-det compound
slow<-nsubj ccomp mark
fall<-nsubj advmod nmod mark
restart<-dobj nmod mark
250,000<-advmod
business<-case cc conj nmod:poss compound
Chatsworth<-dep
barrier<-neg compound amod
offer<-case acl:relcl det
Gould<-appos compound
overlay<-dobj nsubj
hope<-cc xcomp advmod nsubj
serve<-nsubj dobj advmod advcl
duller<-nsubj
maker<-case amod compound
bring<-xcomp nmod nsubj
Darby<-compound
boom<-acl:relcl det compound
offocus<-cc conj amod det compound
field<-det acl
(<-appos compound
Shioya<-compound
voter<-advmod
285<-case
bike<-case compound nmod:poss amod
commuter<-dobj
present<-cop advmod ccomp nsubj
reduction<-cop compound amod
indicate<-nsubj dobj mark
Lyric<-case dep det cc compound conj
capitalization<-case compound nmod amod
datum<-case
era<-case det nmod
Orr<-nmod compound
D.<-dep appos nmod compound
stock<-case dep det nmod compound
magazine<-case nummod compound
people<-compound amod
decisiveness<-case amod
pledge<-nummod det compound
walk<-case nmod:poss nmod
far-flung<-advmod det
Denlea<-compound
fail<-xcomp advmod
sense<-case advmod det nmod amod
listen<-dep cop nsubj nmod mark
woman<-nmod amod
thrift<-case det nmod
dubious<-advmod
find<-nsubj nmod ccomp mark aux dobj
nature<-case acl det nmod amod
hug<-det
maintain<-cc conj dobj nmod mark
worker<-case det
mind<-case nmod
demand<-nsubj cc dobj aux conj mark
research<-cc cop conj det compound
recognize<-advmod
fuel<-cop nmod
crazy<-aux ccomp cop
cause<-cop det nmod amod
concentrate<-nsubj cc nmod advcl aux conj
drug<-case compound
Irving<-case
interpretation<-case compound det acl amod
ideal<-cc det nmod amod compound conj
Salesman<-case det
america.if<-acl:relcl det compound
report<-acl amod
trap<-nmod nsubj
set<-xcomp nsubj compound:prt mark
tempt<-advcl dobj nsubj
help<-xcomp nsubj cc mark aux conj
often<-ccomp nsubj
sign<-compound:prt nsubj
plug<-case det
falter<-nsubj ccomp mark
giant<-appos compound amod
directly<-cc conj
doldrums<-case amod
layer<-case det nmod
destabilizing<-aux cop nmod advmod mark
candidacy<-cop det amod
disbursement<-case det nmod amod
Corps<-case appos det compound
cut<-dep amod
section<-case nummod nmod
then<-nmod
room<-acl
take<-parataxis nsubj nmod mark advcl aux
return<-cop nmod
5.94<-case
date<-det nmod amod
business<-nummod
subscribe<-advmod nmod nsubj
sailing<-case nmod amod
staff<-amod
manufacturing<-cc conj
trend<-det det:predet
drop<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
crotchety<-dep
bias<-dep det
confinement<-case nummod nmod:poss nmod
confidence<-case compound amod
founding<-case advmod nmod:poss
foot<-dep ccomp nsubj
Committee<-nmod:poss compound
demand<-acl:relcl
Hathaway<-appos compound
pressure<-nmod amod
keep<-dobj compound:prt mark
block<-case acl:relcl det nmod
illustrate<-dobj nmod nsubj
war<-cc conj det compound
point<-det acl
dollar<-det acl
acrimony<-case det nmod
right<-cop nmod mark
relish<-case advmod amod
call<-ccomp
much<-advcl
rate<-nummod compound
laundering<-case compound
flow<-det nmod compound
Munich<-case
district<-case nmod amod
compromise<-advmod amod
work<-cop nsubj cc advmod nmod conj
break<-case compound
flag-burning<-nmod
woe<-case dep det amod
inquiry<-case det
rhapsody<-case det nmod amod
roustabout<-det
project<-aux dobj nsubj
provide<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
scene<-nmod:poss amod
court<-dep compound det amod
production<-case nmod:poss nmod
spot<-case det nmod
source<-compound det amod
intelligence<-case amod
pile<-xcomp nsubj cc dobj dep conj
Coan<-appos compound
news<-cc conj
Medical<-case compound
be<-nsubj advmod nmod:tmod expl
give<-advcl advmod dobj nmod nsubj
this<-nmod amod
say<-nsubj advmod mark
planting<-case det amod
person<-acl:relcl det nmod
committee<-case cc conj det
aggravate<-auxpass nmod mark
Peter<-dep
store<-case nmod compound
persist<-nmod:tmod ccomp
omit<-advcl aux dobj nmod nsubj
round-trip<-compound
accident<-det
case<-acl:relcl det amod
associate<-advcl nsubj
m<-advmod
enough<-dep
threat<-case compound nmod:poss amod
COS.<-appos compound
Red<-ccomp
decoration<-nmod
peasant<-det amod
order<-dep acl:relcl amod
ask<-xcomp dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
easier<-xcomp
temperature<-compound
Hut<-case cc conj compound
unable<-xcomp cop nsubj mark
company<-case cop nsubj det acl:relcl compound
strong<-cop nsubj mark
downgrade<-cc advcl conj dobj nsubj
February<-case cc conj
look<-compound:prt nmod mark
plug<-det compound
accommodation<-det
push<-dobj nmod advmod nsubj
advice<-amod compound
Bush<-case
appear<-xcomp nsubj advcl
agree<-cc aux xcomp nsubj
threaten<-xcomp dep parataxis nmod nsubj
Stalinism<-case
hideaway<-compound
adjudicator<-det amod
it<-cop advcl
continue<-dep nsubj ccomp nmod mark
Monday<-case advmod
kid<-nmod nsubj
impel<-xcomp
consultant<-case cc conj
different<-dep cop advmod nmod nsubj
cost<-nummod nmod:poss nmod
load<-dep det
right<-case nmod:poss amod
cocoa<-nmod compound
care<-nsubj
reduce<-aux nsubj nmod advmod mark
being<-amod
come<-nsubj cc compound:prt mark conj ccomp
rally<-case appos det
emerge<-dep nmod csubj mark
exorcist<-case appos det
prove<-dep aux nsubj dobj mark
eliminate<-aux dobj nmod neg nsubj
Vila<-compound
quote<-cop nmod acl
rush<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass nmod
Appleyard<-nmod mark
strategy<-case nmod compound
pall<-acl:relcl det
abet<-case compound det amod
win<-nsubj dep advmod nmod mark aux
impressive<-cop advmod ccomp nsubj
president<-cc cop conj compound
stonework<-det
buying<-cc conj nmod amod
select<-cop nsubj mark
adoption<-cc conj
whammy<-det amod
state<-ccomp nsubj
roadway<-det nmod amod
dislocation<-acl:relcl det compound
crash<-nsubj nmod mark
account<-case cc conj nmod:poss
basis<-case advmod det nmod
experience<-case nmod:poss
add<-aux advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
survive<-nsubj neg ccomp mark aux dobj
share<-case cop nummod nmod
know<-advcl nsubj ccomp mark
guarantee<-mark
manipulate<-mark
latest<-case dep appos det
norm<-case compound
Stewart<-case compound
false<-cc conj advmod
fox<-case cop xcomp amod
Gilchrist<-appos acl:relcl compound
think.but<-aux ccomp neg nsubj
Tokyo<-case advmod
deal<-cop advmod det acl:relcl compound
urge<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
need<-xcomp nsubj advmod mark
ride<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
scientist<-case
work<-case dep
say<-aux ccomp
laugh<-aux nmod mark
helicopter<-det acl
2<-advmod compound
manners<-cc conj
find<-ccomp advmod compound:prt nmod nsubj
sovereignty<-amod
huddle<-cc conj advmod nmod nsubj
declare<-nsubj cc advmod ccomp aux conj mark
give<-nsubj iobj dobj advcl
capital<-compound
Giants<-det amod
shrinkage<-det amod
pollination<-case
total<-det nmod compound
tremendous<-cop
scrap<-dobj nsubj
carry<-nsubj dobj
eater<-case compound
House<-case acl:relcl det nmod compound
curve<-nmod nsubj
pick<-nsubj cc advmod dobj conj compound:prt
fetch<-advmod dobj nsubj
confiscate<-compound
clearance<-nmod amod
tack<-nmod
squad<-det nmod
tumble<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
let<-cc neg dep dobj
do<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj aux mark
bother<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
cast<-det amod
idea<-case det nmod amod
Meador<-compound
can<-case nmod compound
CFTC<-case det
shortage<-nmod amod
appear<-xcomp aux nsubj neg mark
game<-det nmod amod
Poles<-case
alien<-advmod ccomp nsubj
sell<-case nmod
extinction<-det nmod
oils<-cc conj
night<-case det nmod
game<-case acl:relcl det compound
press<-appos det amod
flip<-nmod nsubj
goods<-dep compound
give<-advmod nmod
437/8<-dep acl:relcl compound
manager<-cc conj nmod
side<-advmod nmod nsubj
Carlson<-compound
revenue<-case dep det compound
puzzle<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
major<-case cop nsubj dep det cc compound conj
conviction<-nummod det nmod
eagerness<-det nmod compound
maintenance<-nmod:poss
distribute<-nsubj nmod mark
furor<-case det nmod
abuse<-acl:relcl compound
Electronics<-cc conj nmod:poss compound
Red<-det
prize<-case det
solid<-advmod
book<-dep compound
denomination<-case advmod nmod
disappear<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
relish<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj conj mark
proposal<-case nmod:poss
share<-advcl nsubj
bid<-neg nsubj advmod mark
drop<-cc dobj nsubj
misstate<-cop nmod
carry<-advmod ccomp nsubj
pay<-advmod nmod mark
do<-aux nmod:tmod nmod dobj
image<-cc conj nmod:poss
shift<-cop nsubj cc nmod aux conj
compensation<-dep nmod
bid<-acl:relcl nmod:poss
spend<-dobj nmod nsubj
loyalty<-cc conj
Multiples<-case
climb<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
employee<-dep nummod det compound
methanol<-case nummod
lag<-dep compound
%<-case dep nummod advmod cc conj
lie<-case compound nmod amod
lead<-advcl aux advmod nmod nsubj
example<-case det nmod amod
remedy<-dobj mark
temperature<-nmod compound
watch<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass dobj
issue<-advcl dobj mark
even<-parataxis nmod
Krenz<-compound amod
time<-xcomp nsubj
obtain<-dep nmod
uncomfortable<-cop advmod nmod
relate<-ccomp nmod nsubj
income.revenue<-xcomp nsubj
ground<-dep cop det nmod amod
escape<-mark
forecast<-case acl:relcl nmod amod
debenture<-case appos amod
trouble<-cc acl:relcl nmod:poss nmod
go<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
outflow<-det nmod amod
assembly<-case compound
benchmark<-appos det
advertiser<-case det
liability<-case nmod
end<-case compound nmod amod
chip<-case advmod det nmod amod compound
study<-nmod nsubj
spiral<-nmod:poss amod
metallurgy<-cc conj amod
deteriorate<-cc advcl conj advmod mark
detect<-cc conj dobj nmod expl
conclusion<-det nmod amod
impressed<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
work<-cop nmod nsubj
Berg<-case cc conj
affect<-aux advmod nmod neg nsubj
architecture<-case
react<-advcl nsubj
expose<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
team<-case nmod:poss
russian<-case nmod
{<-amod det compound
enable<-cc neg dobj xcomp mark
Ruberg<-appos compound
ago<-nmod:npmod dep
bestow<-nmod:npmod cop advmod nsubj
programming<-compound
Football<-case compound
line<-cc cop conj nmod
Fiske<-compound
order<-aux advcl
basis<-case compound det nmod amod
theme<-nummod
be<-neg nsubj ccomp expl
House<-dep det nmod compound
clear<-advcl advmod nmod nsubj
means<-nummod acl:relcl amod
shrink<-aux nsubj
ton<-cop nummod nmod
gamble<-det amod
company<-dep nmod amod
procedure<-case nmod:poss amod
challenge<-case dep det
prevention<-case
demand<-dep det amod
misinterpret<-xcomp
let<-case advmod ccomp
effect<-case dep det nmod amod
unusual<-cop nmod neg nsubj
end<-compound:prt ccomp nsubj
say<-dobj ccomp nmod:tmod nsubj
School<-case compound
insurer<-case appos det det:predet
400,000<-dep nmod
distribute<-dobj nmod nsubj
cousin<-amod
hold<-advmod nmod nsubj
resolve<-dep mark
leather<-case
think<-parataxis aux ccomp nsubj
all<-dep advmod
cube<-compound det amod
passage<-compound nmod amod
exposure<-dep compound
hold<-nsubj compound:prt dobj mark
duck<-amod
optimistic<-cop advmod advcl nsubj
authority<-cc conj cc:preconj det nmod
grab<-dobj nmod mark
hiding<-case amod
8,550<-dep advmod compound
chairman<-cc conj nmod:poss amod
Democracy<-case
turban<-case det amod
concur<-dep conj dobj
end<-cop nsubj dep nummod det compound
loony<-case amod
bulb<-amod
level<-cop nmod
apply<-aux advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
ask<-nsubj dobj advcl
homosexual<-amod
thousand<-acl:relcl nmod
only<-cop advcl neg
victory<-case det nmod amod
order<-cc conj det amod
investor<-ccomp amod
Power<-case acl:relcl compound
loosen<-nsubj ccomp mark
party<-nummod det amod
unwilling<-cc cop conj xcomp
AG<-case appos nmod:poss compound
trader<-det amod
yield<-case
resist<-nmod nsubj
receive<-advmod ccomp nsubj
continue<-xcomp nsubj nmod mark
considerable<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
cut<-dep compound:prt dobj nsubj
Campo<-acl:relcl nmod:poss compound
owner<-case nmod:poss
disruption<-nummod compound det amod
aim<-det
Eggs<-compound
Ministry<-case det compound
know<-aux ccomp neg nmod nsubj
battle<-cop compound det amod
become<-xcomp aux conj cc nsubj
old<-nmod:npmod cop dep nsubj
frame<-det amod
exhibit<-advmod det nmod
factory<-case cc det acl conj amod
win<-dep dobj nsubj
earn<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj aux mark
barrier<-case det compound
Lighting<-case compound
two<-case dep det amod
ease<-cc conj dobj mark
have<-advcl advmod csubj ccomp
church<-case appos det
satisfaction<-compound
report<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
reputation<-det nmod amod
amount<-cc conj det nmod amod
fearful<-ccomp
close<-nmod amod
hunter<-case compound
represent<-dobj nmod mark
University<-acl:relcl compound
life<-nmod:poss nmod compound
officer<-compound nmod amod
compile<-case det nmod compound
blase<-case
salary<-case cop nsubj advcl det nmod compound
head<-cc conj nmod nsubj
energy<-cc conj amod
ideologist<-nmod:poss amod
future<-cc conj
plot<-case compound amod
mystery<-case det nmod
unhurt<-cop advmod
degree<-case det nmod
wear<-nsubj compound:prt mark
order<-advcl
flea<-case det compound
mark<-advmod dobj nsubj
issue<-appos compound
president<-cc conj nmod amod
Committee<-case appos compound det amod
enemy<-det nsubj
salary<-case det
show<-advcl dobj mark
use<-dep dobj advmod nsubj
Warner<-dep compound
Sure<-dep
England<-case compound
rope<-cop compound acl:relcl nsubj
capital<-case det
respectful<-cop advmod nmod
lean<-cc cop nmod nsubj
Bush<-cc conj cc:preconj compound
title<-dep
gain<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
wait<-xcomp dobj
municipality<-case appos
Gorbachev<-nmod compound
alarm<-cop nsubj
Ruth<-case
payment<-acl:relcl det amod
brand<-case nmod:poss
jump<-advcl dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
take<-nsubj advmod compound:prt mark advcl aux dobj
1.06<-dep
exclaim<-nsubj
Weston<-appos compound
Ltd.<-cc conj compound
save<-nsubj cc dobj iobj aux conj
defect<-case compound
decline<-advmod nsubj
control<-compound acl:relcl amod
boost<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
Dumbo<-case
cause<-advmod dobj nsubj
park<-case det amod
AG<-case det compound
blue<-case appos det
stoppage<-case compound amod
service<-case nmod
yuppie<-amod
appear<-cc nsubj nmod:tmod mark
Firms<-case compound
lift<-dep cop advmod nmod nsubj
Enviropact<-cop acl:relcl nsubj
Ingersoll<-compound
effect<-dep det amod
black<-acl:relcl
hit<-advmod nmod
do<-aux advcl mark
say<-nsubj nmod advmod ccomp
rider<-case det
decision<-compound acl amod
seal<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod mark
neighborhood<-compound
unfit<-cop advmod ccomp nsubj
exit<-case cop nsubj nummod advmod aux
invest<-nsubj
Berrigan<-cc conj compound
New<-dep
low<-dep cop advmod neg
restructuring<-compound
ability<-cop acl amod
47,000<-dep nmod
painting<-case det acl
give<-cc conj advcl dobj
impact<-case compound det amod
begin<-advcl nmod nsubj
impede<-auxpass nmod
Kleiber<-advmod compound
company<-case acl amod
Toussie<-appos compound
ally<-appos nmod amod
part<-case dep
(<-xcomp nsubj mark
trading<-case nmod:tmod compound
machinery<-advmod det nmod amod
work<-cc cop conj nmod
rule<-acl:relcl amod
keep<-advmod dobj nsubj
shoulder<-xcomp
hallowed<-cc conj advmod
point<-ccomp advmod compound:prt nmod nsubj
hypothetical<-advmod ccomp nsubj
phrase<-det nmod
deal<-neg
series<-case dep det nmod
complicated<-cc cop conj advmod nsubj
trader<-case appos det
longtime<-appos
price<-dobj nmod nsubj
assistant<-dep
Deputies<-case nmod:poss
bleed<-xcomp aux
shocker<-cop det nsubj
hinder<-aux auxpass nmod
1935<-case
inconsistency<-det acl
leader<-case cc conj det amod
project<-case det amod
head<-xcomp nsubj
profitability<-case cc conj cc:preconj
network<-case det nmod compound
erode<-dep aux dobj nsubj
appeal<-dep advcl nmod nsubj
carat<-amod
state<-compound
Gruntal<-case acl:relcl
strong<-cop nmod nsubj
premium<-case det
digit<-case cop nsubj nmod compound:prt mark amod
located<-nmod dobj
conclusion<-dep cop det nmod
brush<-nmod
note<-advmod dobj nsubj
Birinyi<-appos compound
support<-case det amod
part<-cop nmod ccomp
oil<-cc conj nmod:poss compound
125<-dep
come<-auxpass advmod nmod compound:prt
compromise<-cc conj det
Coke<-nmod:poss amod
go<-xcomp nsubj cc neg aux conj
show<-dobj advmod nsubj
salad<-dep cc conj acl compound
win<-amod
chunk<-nmod
731/4<-dep compound
seek<-ccomp
skateboard<-case
say<-case det amod
able<-xcomp aux cop nsubj advcl
credit<-nmod amod
correct<-cop nsubj mark
lagging<-dep det
find<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
Africa<-case compound amod
look<-cop nsubj acl nmod mark
1035/8<-dep compound
feel<-neg ccomp mark
outlook<-compound nmod:poss amod
middle<-case advmod det nmod
expense<-dep cc conj nmod:poss
10011/32<-case
bump<-advmod nmod compound:prt auxpass nsubjpass aux
preserve<-cc conj cc:preconj dobj mark
work<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
mislead<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
antithetical<-cop nmod nsubj
fur<-case compound
mainframe<-det
quality<-nsubj
boost<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
Americans<-nummod det nmod
'd<-case compound det amod
specialize<-dep nmod mark
Powers<-case appos compound
default<-nmod mark
obelisk<-case compound det amod
sentencing<-nsubj
forecast<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
money<-case compound amod
count<-cop nsubj neg nmod mark aux
investor<-case nmod compound
bitterness<-det nmod
adopt<-dep dobj mark
Lawson<-nmod compound
operator<-compound
Marley<-case
merchandise<-acl:relcl
supplies<-amod
field<-case acl nmod:poss amod
opt<-xcomp cop
intensity<-cop det nmod nsubj
confrontation<-acl:relcl
buoy<-dobj nmod nsubj
have<-cc aux advmod dobj nsubj
stunned<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass
persuade<-aux mark
week<-case dep amod
Magazine<-case compound
give<-nmod ccomp
begin<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
workday<-nmod amod
aim<-xcomp nmod
operate<-aux dobj
thing<-nummod nmod
boomer<-cc conj compound
occupation<-case cc conj
game<-cop det nmod amod
offer<-advmod dobj mark
politician<-dep compound
rock<-cc conj
give<-xcomp nsubj ccomp
Sen<-case compound amod
know<-cc conj advmod nmod nsubj
plot<-case acl:relcl det compound
omen<-det amod
conditioning<-compound
worry<-cc conj advmod nmod nsubj
threshold<-det compound
matter<-advcl
Corp.<-case nmod:poss
sober<-dep nmod
regardless<-advcl
return<-dep advcl dobj nsubj
July<-case acl:relcl advmod
apple<-compound
prevail<-compound:prt mark
Workers<-cop compound ccomp neg nsubj
Villanueva<-case dep compound amod
uphold<-ccomp dobj
dissociate<-dep nmod dobj
stop<-cc cop nsubj nmod advcl
971/2<-dep compound
name<-case nmod:poss
mud<-case
primitive<-advmod
convert<-aux advcl nmod dobj
act<-dobj mark
Coke<-dep
Coda<-case
winner<-cop det nsubj
continue<-advcl dobj
circumvent<-det compound
Iowa<-acl:relcl
barn<-case det compound
computing<-dep amod
plunge<-parataxis dobj nsubj
picture<-case compound det nmod amod
stronger<-cop advmod
founder<-appos
pledge<-case
sit<-xcomp nmod nsubj
decline<-cc nsubj
store<-case cc conj det amod
wife<-det nmod amod
railroad<-dep det
language<-case cc conj amod
opinion<-case det nmod compound
man<-case acl det amod
convert<-advmod nmod
striking<-dep advmod
action<-dep det
coffer<-xcomp nsubj
magazine<-case acl:relcl
place<-nmod mark
dentist<-acl:relcl nmod
track<-case aux xcomp cop
bill<-cop advmod nmod neg
issuer<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
revive<-advcl nmod dobj
discover<-cc nsubj ccomp advcl
swap<-det compound
Cathcart<-dep compound amod
disappointing<-advmod
strike<-case advmod det compound
defense<-cc cop advmod nmod neg
Laboratories<-case compound
year<-cop det nmod
wife<-dep amod
contract<-compound nmod:poss amod
element<-case compound
e-mail<-xcomp
impatient<-nmod
call<-amod det nmod compound
rights<-nummod
standard<-case nmod amod
fund<-cc conj
offering<-nmod:poss compound
estimate<-compound amod
fold<-dobj nmod mark
fall<-nmod amod
build<-nsubj nmod ccomp
move<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
sudden<-case advmod det
build<-xcomp nmod nsubj
mean<-xcomp aux advmod dobj nsubj
order<-ccomp
leak<-nsubj ccomp mark
warn<-dep nmod dobj
depend<-advcl compound:prt
stay<-advmod mark
Delaware<-case
european<-case det
crash<-case compound
Beecham<-compound
remember<-advcl nsubj dobj
decline<-dep cop nmod
healthy<-cop
tenure<-nmod nsubj
crevice<-case
pianistic<-cop advmod neg
hawker<-case
illustrate<-cc conj dobj mark
ally<-case compound amod
seem<-nsubj ccomp advcl
Wussler<-appos compound
divorce<-cc conj
evaluate<-dobj nmod mark
clarify<-aux ccomp nsubj
software<-case
remark<-advmod det amod
enhance<-dobj nmod mark
newspaper<-advmod nmod:poss amod
favor<-cc ccomp nsubj
reduce<-cc dep conj dobj
backdrop<-case cc appos det det:predet conj
policy<-nmod:poss amod
declare<-nsubj ccomp advcl
avoid<-aux dobj nsubj
Bork<-case nmod compound
obvious<-cop
ask<-advcl nsubj
spokesman<-case appos det
323<-case nummod det
beat<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
highlight<-advmod ccomp
decrease<-dobj mark
Wednesday<-case cc conj
Ross<-nmod compound
load<-dep nmod nsubj
Germany<-case nmod compound
swamp<-auxpass nmod mark
Nev.<-case appos compound
conceal<-auxpass advmod nmod
anti-semitic<-cop mark
choice<-case det compound
Nissan<-nmod
go<-nsubj cc advmod compound:prt advcl aux conj
211,666<-dep nmod
Coke<-cc conj
slump<-case compound nmod:poss amod
surface<-case det nmod
recorder<-case cc conj compound amod
embellish<-aux dobj ccomp nmod nsubj
Shannon<-cc acl:relcl
worker<-nummod acl:relcl nmod:poss
China<-advmod nmod:poss
deliver<-aux advmod
conspiracy<-det nmod
problem<-acl:relcl det amod
case<-cop advmod det nmod amod
Va.<-case appos compound
start<-dep dobj
go<-cop nsubj
whooosh<-cop
IBM<-case dep
read<-aux nsubj advmod mark
class<-cc conj nmod compound
sight<-case nmod
pc<-det amod
error<-case dep nmod
responded.The<-advmod dobj nsubj
later<-dep advmod
amount<-det acl
Baltic<-case det nmod
crowded<-cop nsubj dep advmod ccomp aux
have<-csubj nmod ccomp
Jackson<-appos compound
division<-acl:relcl nmod:poss compound
expertise<-nmod:poss
bat<-case det
declare<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
risk<-case nummod
conglomerate<-det compound
structured<-advmod
Beatrice<-case
commodity<-case nmod compound
arrival<-ccomp
3.53<-dep
rich<-case cc conj det nmod
copier<-case cc conj compound
hot<-cop advmod advcl
carve<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
rid<-advcl
Christmas<-det nmod amod
refining<-cc conj nmod:poss nmod
get<-nsubj cc nmod mark conj compound:prt
case<-case cop compound nsubj
payroll<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
1<-advmod nmod compound
dollar<-nummod acl:relcl det
hit<-xcomp nsubj nmod mark
misleading<-cop nsubj advmod nmod mark aux
show<-dep advcl dobj advmod nsubj
month<-det nmod amod
likes<-case det nmod
use<-case nmod:poss
lead<-det amod
move<-nmod:poss acl
half<-dep advmod acl
sport<-acl:relcl det compound
fiber<-det amod
sultan<-case det compound
Wells<-appos compound
turn<-aux advmod compound:prt
attainable<-cop nsubj
analyst<-cc conj amod
takeover<-case nmod
60<-dep advmod nmod compound
correct<-dep cop conj advmod cc
trader<-appos amod
seat<-case nmod compound
O'Dwyer<-case
be<-aux advmod nsubj neg advcl
Forum<-appos compound
clear<-cop advcl neg nsubj
customer<-case det compound
claim<-case acl:relcl det
month<-cop amod nmod compound
management<-det compound
unhelpful<-cc conj
susceptible<-nmod:npmod
encouraged<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
butt<-acl:relcl nmod:poss nmod
bear<-nsubj dobj mark
use<-nsubj dep advmod nmod dobj mark
rubin<-acl:relcl det
complication<-dep det amod
news<-cc conj amod
share<-cc nummod conj
country<-case acl:relcl nmod
pull<-parataxis nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj aux conj
adopt<-cc conj dobj nmod mark
shop<-case nmod amod
post<-dep compound
offer<-nsubj cc advmod ccomp conj dobj
retinoblastoma<-case
Colo.<-advmod compound
find<-cc conj dobj mark
shore<-dobj compound:prt
investor<-acl:relcl det nmod
alliance<-det amod
extend<-xcomp aux nsubj advmod mark
47<-dep compound
drain<-case det amod
complacency<-det nmod amod
time<-case acl:relcl det amod
keep<-aux advmod advcl nsubj
this<-case nmod
Cos<-cop compound neg nsubj
fight<-case dep advmod
generation<-case dep acl:relcl
Fresca<-compound
chairman<-cc appos nmod:poss conj
association<-case
guarantee<-dep det
paper<-acl:relcl det
cross<-compound amod
come<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
Courtaulds<-dep
case<-cop acl:relcl det nmod
wonderment<-dep det
forward<-case acl det amod
support<-advmod dobj
politics<-det nmod amod
software<-case nmod
scale<-case cc conj det
organization<-det nmod amod
report<-cc conj amod acl:relcl compound
uniform<-det nmod
study<-case compound det amod
pilot<-det nmod
suspend<-auxpass nsubjpass
call<-cop nmod
drive<-dobj compound:prt
jump<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
hand-holding<-dep
tilt<-dep aux nmod nsubj
imitate<-dobj
restrain<-neg dobj
neglect<-aux advmod dobj
time<-cop nsubj advmod det nmod amod acl
factory<-cc cop conj det amod
lack<-xcomp dobj nsubj
amendment<-case compound
county<-det
start<-xcomp nsubj advmod mark
exercise<-cc aux advmod nsubj
old<-advmod
Campbell<-dep compound
homage<-cop cc cc:preconj det nmod conj
price<-acl:relcl det nmod
remain<-advmod nmod
eldest<-det nmod
install<-aux nmod mark
substitute<-aux cop nmod nsubj
8<-case dep
income<-case amod advmod nmod compound
helicopter<-nmod
shakeup<-case det nmod amod
slowdown<-nmod:poss
culminate<-aux nsubj nmod advmod mark
yank<-dobj compound:prt
eliminate<-nmod
deliver<-nmod mark
4.060<-case dep
essay<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
employer<-amod
slow<-aux dobj nsubj
slash<-dobj mark
estimate<-det nmod
waiver<-case det amod
look<-dobj compound:prt
odds<-amod
best<-case cop nsubj advmod det xcomp
conglomerate<-det amod
tell<-nsubj dep nmod dobj iobj aux
wake<-advmod compound:prt dobj nsubj
question<-cop acl amod
excellent<-aux cop nsubj mark
process<-compound det amod
post<-advcl dobj mark
flight<-dep det
deduction<-cc conj amod
begin<-xcomp advmod
63<-case dep conj cc
investment<-case cc conj amod
acquisition<-nmod
ordinance<-det nmod
Pact<-case det compound
structure<-cc cop conj advmod mark
talk<-aux advmod nmod neg nsubj
ceiling<-case compound nmod:poss amod
Morris<-appos compound
opinion<-case
admit<-cc ccomp nsubj
concern<-cop det nmod amod
whizz<-compound
chemist<-case nummod det
publish<-cc conj dobj mark
Teddy<-appos
indexing<-case compound
opinion<-case det
report<-case dep advmod det
Ponce<-dep
prize<-compound det nmod amod
complex<-cc cop conj compound nsubj
go<-aux advmod neg
week<-appos det
Addison<-compound
shift<-case det amod
decliner<-dep advcl
give<-xcomp aux dobj nsubj
milk<-neg dobj mark
83<-case
balcony<-xcomp nsubj
stimulus<-acl:relcl det
clean<-dep compound:prt dobj mark
view<-det acl
rule<-dep compound det amod
666,666<-dep nmod
legacy<-cop det nmod nsubj
call<-case dep nummod det compound
shear<-nmod
rise<-cc conj nmod nsubj
fumper<-cc conj nsubj
house<-cc nummod acl:relcl conj compound
month<-dep det acl
account<-nummod nmod
destroy<-nsubj cc advmod dobj aux conj mark
slide<-advmod mark
total<-dep compound
product<-case amod nmod compound
support<-ccomp nsubj
borough<-case det nmod
share<-case advmod nmod:poss nmod
line<-cop nsubj dep nmod amod compound
remain<-cc xcomp advmod nsubj
technology<-case nummod
repaint<-nmod
anxious<-cop nmod nsubj
question<-advmod dobj nsubj
assist<-advmod dobj nsubj
purchase<-case nmod:poss
president<-dep compound det amod
Nikons<-case cc conj
revision<-det amod
win<-nsubj dobj nmod:tmod compound:prt mark
%<-cop dep nummod det amod acl:relcl
require<-aux advmod mark
refrigerator<-case cc conj det amod
hold<-aux advcl nmod nsubj
modern<-advmod
alliance<-case advmod acl amod
country<-case appos det amod
373.40<-case dep
mark<-dep compound
security<-case det compound
council<-nmod:poss
put<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass dobj mark
exempt<-aux cop advcl nsubj
expenditure<-case det amod
year<-case nummod compound acl:relcl amod
anniversary<-cop cc det nmod amod conj
give<-xcomp aux
paranoid<-dep neg advmod
schedule<-nsubj neg nmod dobj aux mark
decide<-advcl nsubj
anticipate<-aux dobj nsubj
acquire<-dep nmod nsubj
assurance<-det nmod amod
louis-based<-amod
expense<-nmod:poss compound
conflict<-case det
510,000<-dep nmod
settlement<-case cc conj det compound
enter<-advmod nmod
cite<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
level<-nmod
show<-aux nsubj dobj nmod:tmod mark
minimize<-nsubj cc nmod mark conj dobj
benefit<-cc conj amod
ask<-cc xcomp auxpass nsubjpass
threaten<-nsubj advmod dobj mark
mold<-nmod dobj
Protection<-compound nmod nsubj
9931/32<-case advmod
churn<-dobj compound:prt
attraction<-det amod
fund<-ccomp
post<-advmod
product<-cop det nmod
bond<-nummod compound det amod
business<-dep nmod:poss amod
IPO<-case nmod:poss
bill<-acl:relcl det compound
first<-det nmod
endless<-advmod
rustling<-cc conj
ruling<-det nmod
high<-dep nmod:tmod
want<-cc xcomp dobj nsubj
hit<-xcomp cc auxpass conj advcl
insurance<-case dep amod
endorsement<-case nmod:poss amod
swing<-case det compound
compare<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
rebound<-case det nmod amod
campaign<-nmod:poss compound
replace<-aux nsubj nmod ccomp
spread<-case dep
benefit<-compound det amod
Barnicle<-compound
rise<-case cop advmod det
convulsion<-cop compound nmod nsubj
taint<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
print<-dep nsubj dobj nmod mark
instruct<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
become<-xcomp advcl nmod mark
audit<-case acl
friday<-case dep nmod
song<-case nmod:poss nmod
perk<-dep advmod
support<-xcomp advcl nsubj
footstep<-ccomp nsubj
deterioration<-case amod compound
lawyer<-dep neg det
casino<-case nmod:poss
claim<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
repel<-nsubj dobj advcl
continue<-nsubj nmod ccomp
prey<-nmod nsubj
product<-case amod compound
burglary<-case advmod det
(<-cc dep conj
much<-xcomp advmod
printout<-cc conj advmod dobj
escape<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
price<-cop advmod det acl:relcl
Mastergate<-dep
european<-dep acl:relcl amod
reserve<-nmod amod
set<-advcl compound:prt dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
a.m.<-case nummod acl:relcl
do<-csubj nmod dobj
minimalist<-case cop advmod ccomp
child<-case dep nmod
retain<-xcomp aux nsubj
put<-xcomp cc conj
apply<-dep nmod nsubj
steal<-dobj nmod mark
ban<-cc conj nmod
people<-case dep nmod
lie<-case
hold<-nsubj cc mark advcl conj dobj
government<-cc conj det
director<-dep compound amod
friend<-case acl:relcl det nmod
enemy<-dep advmod
song<-dep acl:relcl det
lawyer<-nummod det
448.49<-case advmod
room<-case dep advmod compound
Gross<-compound
competition<-dep amod
production<-compound det nmod amod
owner<-acl:relcl det
moral<-cc conj
success<-case cc conj
Cosby<-compound
same<-cc cop conj det nsubj
bank<-cc conj amod
reputation<-nmod nsubj
carrier<-det nmod amod
value<-nmod amod
claim<-ccomp det amod
provision<-dep nmod:poss nmod
panel<-case acl:relcl det compound
define<-nsubj nmod dobj
chair<-dep det
category<-case det amod
case<-case nummod nmod
combat<-case
problem<-cop advmod det mark csubj aux
moment<-case det acl
damage<-case cc conj compound
coach<-appos nmod:poss
wreak<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
permit<-compound det nmod amod
take<-compound:prt ccomp dobj
involve<-aux advcl mark
pledge<-nmod compound
rank<-case det nmod amod
flourish<-cc conj mark
image<-nmod
more<-case nmod amod
account<-case advmod nmod
dead<-dep cc conj
feel<-det nmod
violate<-nsubj cc nmod dobj conj mark
vow<-advcl dobj nsubj
machine<-case nmod:poss
talent<-dep nmod:poss
fall<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
report<-ccomp mark
spending<-case compound nmod amod
office<-case dep
lower<-appos
suspend<-aux advmod dobj advcl nsubj
Commonwealth<-dep det
walkout<-amod
double<-case advmod nmod dobj
able<-dep aux cop xcomp nsubj
mix<-compound nmod:poss amod
stream<-case compound det nmod amod
Pilson<-compound det amod
exploit<-xcomp nsubj
propose<-ccomp nmod nsubj
know<-aux nsubj ccomp neg advcl
convene<-advmod dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
expect<-nsubj dobj nmod advcl
night<-acl:relcl compound
wait<-advcl mark
year<-appos det amod
require<-aux nsubj dobj mark
syndicator<-advmod det amod
remain<-nsubj
Deloitte<-case
250<-nmod:npmod
crash<-ccomp nsubj
closer<-cop nmod nsubj
change<-cop nsubj advmod mark
reach<-advcl advmod nmod nsubj
44,400<-case dep nmod
end<-dep amod det compound
index<-case nmod:poss amod
turf<-cop compound amod
use<-cop neg
steal<-dep
entrepreneur<-case det
yield<-cc conj dobj mark
fallout<-case nmod
grow<-cc auxpass conj nmod
extend<-advcl dobj iobj mark
restricted<-auxpass advcl
offset<-cc nmod dobj auxpass nsubjpass aux conj
funding<-case
consumer<-dep compound amod
cut<-compound:prt nmod mark
task<-case nmod
1987<-case cc conj cc:preconj
Kennametal<-dep
sell<-xcomp nsubj cc dobj aux conj
share<-case dep nmod
coercion<-case cc conj
King<-case det nmod
wrong<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
leave<-nummod nmod compound
part<-dep advmod det amod
control<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
owner<-appos det
Bridge<-dep det compound
once<-dep cop mark
identify<-dobj nmod mark
scramble<-xcomp nsubj
want<-xcomp nsubj advmod mark
resignation<-nsubj mark
policy<-nmod compound
legislator<-dep compound
muscle<-case
forest<-case det
take<-aux compound:prt mark
work<-advcl nmod:tmod mark
tract<-case det nmod amod
slump<-dep compound
chant<-xcomp dep auxpass nsubjpass
car<-aux nummod cop nmod nsubj
war<-case det nmod amod
bring<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
piano<-case det
funnel<-cc nmod auxpass nsubjpass aux conj
operate<-nsubj advmod ccomp
cool<-aux nsubj dobj mark
short<-advcl
sell<-dobj nmod advmod nsubj
alliance<-case acl det amod
development<-det
people<-case advmod amod
thoroughbred<-case
agent<-case cc conj det
source<-case
lose<-nsubj mark
impressive<-cop neg
conclusion<-dep advmod det
similarity<-neg nmod
series<-dep advmod
disruptive<-cop advmod
know-how<-amod
Fruit<-dep nmod
mile<-nummod det
land<-nmod mark
review<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
March<-case advmod
thing<-dep acl:relcl det amod
environment<-case acl:relcl det amod
response<-case amod
spread<-case det compound
tear<-auxpass nmod
Sochaux<-case
control<-acl:relcl det compound
manage<-cc conj dobj mark
refund<-dep det
Cayne<-compound
come<-compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
lag<-advcl advmod nmod nsubj
Greenshields<-case nmod compound
maker<-cc acl:relcl det compound
finish<-case cc det nmod compound conj
persist<-nsubj mark
recommend<-aux nsubj dobj mark
sit<-advcl advmod mark
MIPS<-case
pack<-dobj
seat<-cop compound
have<-cc aux conj nsubj
one<-cop acl det mark
promise<-cc conj nsubj
abandon<-advmod dobj compound:prt nmod nsubj
clarify<-nmod dobj
deny<-aux dobj neg nsubj
36<-case dep advmod
assault<-dep det nmod amod
rebuff<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
intention<-nmod:poss acl
warn<-advcl dobj mark
yield<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
imply<-nsubj
lower<-case advmod
help<-nmod compound
marketer<-case compound
goal<-nmod:poss nmod amod
culture<-cop amod
Breene<-compound
do<-nsubj ccomp dobj
hulk<-acl:relcl det nmod
soundtrack<-case cc conj det nmod
get<-nsubj dep neg advmod ccomp aux
demote<-nmod
pick<-aux compound:prt mark
utility<-case det amod
cost<-advcl dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
someone<-cc conj
change<-cc aux conj iobj dobj
Trout<-case cc conj appos
rally<-acl:relcl amod
II<-acl:relcl compound
franc<-dep nmod
spanking<-case acl:relcl det amod
cite<-ccomp
push<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
do.besides<-aux nsubj ccomp neg dobj
resource<-case compound
package<-det nmod amod
rate<-xcomp advmod nsubj
brazen<-ccomp
begin<-dep
curve<-det amod
dabble<-advcl nmod nsubj
cause<-auxpass advmod nmod
moon<-nummod amod compound
Kochan<-appos compound
japan.toyota<-case
share<-case acl:relcl
end<-advcl compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
information<-det amod
aim<-acl:relcl nmod
tax<-aux cop nsubj acl mark
foot<-det compound
resolve<-ccomp mark
share.s.g<-det
help<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
receive<-aux dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
everyone<-neg advmod
trend<-nummod acl:relcl
Mulroney<-cc conj compound
Houston<-case amod
feel<-xcomp dep nsubj
stay<-case det nmod compound
committee<-dep compound
sign<-aux dobj nmod compound:prt
bicyclist<-det amod
warning<-case amod
bolster<-advmod dobj
love<-xcomp nsubj cc mark aux conj
now<-cc acl:relcl
freeze<-compound det amod
average<-dep det
S.C.<-compound
jewel<-nsubj
West<-case cc conj det nmod
come<-cc nmod nsubj
culture<-case amod
conclude<-advmod ccomp nsubj
filing<-case appos det compound
file<-cc conj nsubj nmod mark
polishing<-compound
intervention<-case
loan<-case advmod det nmod
pay<-xcomp nmod nsubj
score<-xcomp nsubj
38,489<-case dep nmod
portfolio<-nummod compound
prohibit<-advcl dobj nsubj
coup<-acl:relcl det
monopoly<-det compound
necessity<-det acl
night<-advmod
report<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
2.1<-advmod
Sunday<-case
need<-xcomp advcl nsubj
discount<-cop amod
drop<-dep advmod det
release<-compound det nmod amod
buy-out<-cc conj det nmod compound
campaign<-amod
aforethought<-case compound
permit<-advcl dobj nsubj
column<-det
safe<-cop advmod nsubj
succeed<-aux nmod
period<-compound
division<-cc conj det compound
waste<-cop mark
allow<-aux nsubj dobj mark
bar<-dep dobj
director<-dep appos acl:relcl nmod:poss compound
sweep<-compound det nmod amod
Povich<-compound
whimper<-nmod amod
buy-back<-det acl
clear<-dep cop neg
yield<-appos nmod:poss amod
nostalgia<-xcomp aux advmod nmod nsubj
career<-cc conj amod nmod nsubj
6.7<-advmod
subpoena<-det acl
20-stock<-det nmod
single-b<-nmod
reporter<-dep det
report<-case appos amod
computing<-case amod
be<-dep nsubj ccomp dobj
rally<-dep acl
alternative<-case amod
Poland<-cop acl:relcl neg
depression<-case nmod:poss compound
honduran<-case
percentage<-nmod
satisfy<-aux nmod neg nsubj
purchase<-dep mark nmod:tmod nsubj
complete<-cop
honor<-dobj mark
round<-case det nmod
evident<-cop ccomp
begin<-nsubj advmod ccomp mark
breed<-dep det amod
447/8<-dep compound
conceit<-det nmod
Spendthrift<-case
score<-nmod compound
surprise<-advcl aux dobj neg nsubj
director<-acl:relcl det amod
improve<-nsubj cc nmod dobj advcl conj mark
mincemeat<-det nmod
Monday<-det nmod amod
sweep<-case amod
ratio<-dep det compound
experience<-cc conj nsubj nmod mark
Street<-case cop nsubj cc compound aux conj
become<-cc aux xcomp nmod nsubj
set<-case det acl
unusual<-cop advmod ccomp nsubj
humongous<-dep cop nsubj
selection<-det nmod
purchase<-case dep
climb<-det nmod
choose<-xcomp
devise<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
reject<-ccomp dobj
torch<-dobj nmod nsubj
executive<-det nmod compound
entertainment<-det
manager<-appos compound
boy<-det
switch<-det
three<-case det amod
government<-dep dobj nsubj
district<-case compound det nmod amod
fuse<-det compound
thrill<-cop nsubj cc nummod det nmod amod
heart<-case cop det nmod advcl
administrative<-cc conj
July<-case nummod appos
plea<-det
demographic<-case acl:relcl det
rating<-dep nmod
that<-cc conj
slow<-case
disruption<-cop det nmod amod
availability<-case det nmod
company<-case nmod amod
taxpayer<-case det
avail<-case neg
resource<-case cc conj nmod:poss amod
be<-advmod ccomp nmod:tmod nsubj
founder<-cop nsubj cc det nmod conj
contemptible<-advmod
cause<-nsubj cc nmod dobj conj mark
repeal<-nummod nmod
unsuccessful<-advmod
run<-compound
segment<-case acl:relcl det compound
people<-case nummod det amod
struggle<-case compound det nmod amod
Times<-case appos compound
offer<-case nmod:poss compound
reward<-aux dobj neg
distract<-aux nsubj dobj advcl mark
come<-aux nsubj advmod advcl
0<-case dep nummod
unconventional<-cc dep conj advmod
forecast<-case cop nmod:poss nsubj
discuss<-dep nmod dobj
Committee<-cop det nmod
venture<-cc conj nmod amod
injure<-cc advmod auxpass nsubjpass aux conj
gather<-nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
patronize<-auxpass nmod
name<-dep cop det amod
example<-cop nummod nmod nsubj
bind<-case det
department<-det nmod compound
reopen<-dobj nmod nsubj
disclosure<-nmod amod
be<-parataxis nsubj ccomp mark
wait<-advcl nmod:tmod mark
protection<-case det nmod
challenge<-aux dobj nsubj
bill<-compound det nmod amod
transfer<-cop nmod mark
best<-xcomp cop nsubj nmod advcl aux
change<-advcl mark
reserve<-compound nmod:poss amod
companion<-nmod nsubj
hatred<-nmod
annualize<-case nummod det
proclaimed<-xcomp ccomp nsubj
back<-dobj ccomp nsubj
employer<-case det nmod amod
year<-cop nmod compound
passenger<-nmod:poss
prescription<-case nmod:poss amod
hit<-advcl dobj nsubj
sell<-ccomp compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
work<-cop nsubj cc appos det amod conj
switch<-case nummod det nmod
share<-compound nmod nsubj
trouble<-case nmod:poss nmod
lax<-cop advmod det nmod
stone<-case compound
be<-cc nsubj advmod nmod expl
attorney<-det nmod amod
business<-cop nsubj det amod mark
naczelnik<-case det
$<-nummod acl:relcl nmod
consultant<-cc acl:relcl amod
tamper<-case nummod
attitude<-case nmod:poss amod
health<-case cc conj compound
Minister<-case det compound
proportion<-dep det nmod amod
exist<-advmod ccomp mark
outlet<-case cc nummod nmod conj nmod:poss
say<-aux nsubj dobj ccomp mark
compensation<-case compound
noticed<-dep advmod
make<-nsubj nmod:tmod nmod dobj aux mark
have<-aux nsubj dobj neg advcl
restrict<-advcl dobj
residue<-case compound
grow<-cc conj compound:prt nmod nsubj
inspiring<-cop advmod nsubj
plant<-case cc conj amod
negative<-dep cop advcl
strain<-amod
keep<-dep compound:prt dobj
assassinate<-dobj nmod mark
spot<-nummod
needless<-xcomp
outlast<-dobj nsubj
shortly.and<-ccomp
ruling<-dep det
violate<-ccomp nsubj
force<-case det
pipeline<-dep det compound
backbone<-det nmod
capital<-cc conj nmod amod
criticism<-case dep nmod:poss
bankruptcy<-case cc conj
ring<-aux nsubj compound:prt dobj mark
hard<-dep cop
mill<-case acl:relcl det
succeed<-aux dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
brisk<-aux cop advmod nmod:tmod nsubj
contingency<-nmod nsubj
slump<-det nmod
Blodgett<-compound
fuel<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
root<-case nmod
trompe<-dep dobj
ask<-cop nmod neg nsubj
project<-case nmod
organize<-dobj nmod mark
mouth<-nsubj
dementia<-compound
reason<-acl:relcl nmod amod
encounter<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
headquarters<-cc conj nmod:poss
equipment<-advmod amod
Trust<-appos det compound
find<-xcomp nsubj ccomp
purpose<-dep det nmod amod
oppose<-dobj ccomp nmod nsubj
and<-dep nmod
prosecutor<-compound
32.5<-det compound
fire<-case appos amod
dramatically<-advmod
2.68<-dep
a<-det:predet
root<-nsubj cc acl:relcl compound conj nmod:poss
demonstrate<-dobj nmod mark
urge<-cop nsubj cc advmod ccomp conj
God<-case acl:relcl
pass<-cop nmod nsubj
popular<-cop advmod nmod
write<-nmod:tmod nmod ccomp
begin<-nsubj advmod mark
swedish<-case
tourism<-case
concern<-dep compound det amod
settle<-aux nsubj nmod neg mark
adjust<-nsubj mark
consulting<-nmod
Galileo<-nmod
greater<-cop advmod nmod
cram<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass nmod
problem<-dep nummod
gain<-cc conj compound
}<-case cc nmod amod compound conj
century<-det
respondent<-dep amod
reduce<-case cc conj dobj
vibrant<-cc conj
provide<-aux nmod nsubj
face<-case amod compound
peaceful<-cop advmod
share<-cc cop conj nmod nsubj
engineering<-cc conj
up<-dep cc conj
pioneer<-compound det amod
colombian<-dobj mark
show<-acl:relcl
10<-case dep conj cc nmod
Alley<-dep acl:relcl det
long<-case advmod
20,000<-case dep nmod
addict<-compound det amod
institution<-dep nmod
generation<-dep amod
brunt<-det nmod
adapt<-auxpass nmod
acquisition<-cop compound nmod:poss nmod amod
newsprint<-cc conj
partner<-appos
participant<-case cop nsubj det nmod mark aux amod
strength<-case
problem<-case compound nmod:poss amod
fall<-appos acl nmod amod
obligate<-xcomp cop nsubj neg advmod mark aux
size<-case nmod:poss amod
dominate<-aux dobj mark
phase<-nummod acl:relcl nmod
enforcement<-case compound
Labor<-case nmod
analysis<-appos nmod
comparison<-dep nmod
today<-advmod amod
know<-advcl aux ccomp neg nsubj
slightly<-case advmod nmod
expand<-cc advcl conj dobj mark
boy<-det compound
government.here<-det
effect<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
embolden<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
attempt<-cc nummod acl compound
reformer<-cop det neg nsubj
Ashurst<-dep
801/2<-dep compound
penchant<-det nmod amod
supply<-advmod ccomp nsubj
Malcolm<-parataxis cop nsubj neg nmod acl:relcl compound
entrepreneur<-case amod
Toy<-compound
margin<-det amod
395,374<-case dep
record<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
do<-aux nsubj ccomp mark
eurobond<-case
Association<-cc cc:preconj det amod compound conj
Lilly<-case
present<-ccomp
transfer<-cc conj nmod dobj
handy<-case
win<-nmod:tmod
concentrate<-cc conj dobj nmod mark
vote<-dobj nmod mark
subsidize<-nmod nsubj
ship<-cop nmod mark
execute<-advcl aux advmod neg nsubj
ground<-case det nmod
speak<-advmod compound:prt nmod nsubj
activity<-case nmod:poss amod
Federal<-dep nmod
move<-cc conj compound
cost<-xcomp nsubj dobj mark
direction<-case acl:relcl det nmod amod
highway<-case compound
a<-case dep
company<-cop compound amod det mark
cfc<-case amod
sell-off<-cc conj nmod:poss
Composite<-det
rationalization<-det
approval<-det compound
soap<-cc conj
sample<-case det amod
pass<-advcl advmod compound:prt dobj nsubj
buying<-det amod
open<-case det
administration<-nummod nmod
become<-advmod ccomp nsubj
arrest<-xcomp nsubj
border<-det
await<-dobj mark
call<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
petition<-nummod
example<-case nummod nmod amod
seem<-xcomp ccomp dobj advmod nsubj
leaf<-nmod
rate<-case appos amod
issue<-cop advmod det nmod nsubj
decline<-nsubj advmod mark
tendency<-dep det nmod amod
cross<-acl:relcl det amod
Lincoln<-case advmod acl:relcl
concede<-parataxis advmod ccomp nsubj
underline<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
get<-aux nsubj nmod neg mark
account<-ccomp nmod nsubj
deficit<-case det compound
production<-cc nummod conj amod
well-trained<-cc conj
fly<-det compound
)<-case det amod
largess<-case compound
intraday<-case nmod:poss
12<-dep cc conj compound
plan<-cc neg conj compound amod
forget<-aux ccomp neg nmod nsubj
split<-xcomp nsubj
adjustment<-case amod
organization<-appos nmod:poss
decide<-xcomp aux nsubj
reason<-acl:relcl det nmod
Interpublic<-case acl:relcl
Intergroup<-nmod compound
plant<-case compound det amod
campaign<-dep det amod
gunner<-det
accord<-nmod:poss
define<-dobj nmod mark
BOARD<-det compound
dealings<-case compound
failure<-cc conj amod
experiment<-case compound det amod
rumor<-cop nsubj cc advmod nmod mark conj
fall<-nmod:tmod nmod
news<-case det compound
gas<-det compound
do<-cc aux conj advmod nsubj
sort<-dobj compound:prt mark
criticism<-cc conj nmod
century<-nmod
bushel<-case dep nummod
raise<-dobj iobj nmod mark
liquidity<-det compound
muck<-case det
sign<-xcomp dobj
remark<-nmod:poss
tv<-case cop advcl
worry<-aux ccomp nsubj
number<-case acl:relcl det nmod
abuse<-cc dep
give<-cc conj iobj dobj
avoid<-aux dobj neg nsubj
area<-case nummod det
Holmes<-dep compound
advantage<-nummod nmod amod
liquidate<-aux auxpass nmod
transfer<-xcomp
improve<-cc conj dobj
support<-nsubj advmod dobj
segment<-case nmod:poss compound
Bethlehem<-case
stage<-det compound
Streisand<-case compound
lose<-dep aux nsubj dobj mark
possible<-cop ccomp
tornado<-advmod det
sell<-cc nmod nsubj
earnings<-compound amod
$<-cc nummod advmod conj nsubj
near<-dep cop nsubj
cattle<-nmod
dance<-case acl:relcl det
factor<-case det
1.13<-dep
respect<-cc conj dobj nmod mark
Block<-appos compound
Donnelly<-dep compound
stop<-ccomp nsubj
affiliation<-case
work<-cc aux conj advmod nsubj
hold<-aux dobj nmod neg nsubj
Turks<-amod
Province<-case appos compound
slap<-nsubj cc cc:preconj dobj advcl conj
deliver<-xcomp advmod mark
inkling<-det acl
operation<-compound nmod:poss amod
make<-cc nmod dobj
diabetic<-case acl:relcl det amod
slow<-dep cop advmod
merit<-cc conj amod
date<-nmod
Tokyu<-cc auxpass nsubjpass
Trade.December<-case
lead<-aux nsubj advmod nmod mark
perversity<-nmod:poss amod
counterpart<-neg nmod
Waring<-case cc conj appos
wood<-det amod
penny-wise<-cc cop conj
male<-case acl amod
haven<-amod
drop<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
disaster<-nmod amod
transform<-xcomp advmod nsubj
need<-nsubj advmod dobj
convince<-ccomp nsubj
secure<-dep
provision<-cc conj cc:preconj amod
Storer<-case nmod
information<-amod det nmod compound
sign<-dobj mark
mutation<-det
protect<-cc conj dobj nmod mark
palm<-amod
willing<-dep cop nsubj xcomp mark
avoid<-dep dobj
mile<-dep det amod
hide<-cc conj nmod dobj
work<-nsubj compound:prt nmod mark
associate<-compound nmod nsubj
debt<-compound
weakling<-case det amod
issue<-case nummod amod det compound
security<-case nmod
harvest<-case det nmod amod
Kohl<-compound
Interstate<-case compound
enter<-dobj nmod mark
Zealand<-case appos compound
ally<-cop det nmod mark
reality<-det nmod
bring<-advcl nmod mark
weak<-cc cop conj nmod:tmod nmod
willie<-det
determine<-aux ccomp nsubj
Guber<-cc conj
stake<-cc conj det nmod compound
charge<-dobj
begin<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
contention<-cop advmod nmod:poss nmod nsubj
suppose<-xcomp nsubj
dead<-cc cop conj
compensation<-case advmod acl
retreat<-case
double-a<-nmod compound
vodka<-case cc conj
tragedy<-advmod det amod
McDuffie<-case compound
tumble<-dep compound det acl amod
assume<-nsubj
reprisal<-amod
official<-amod compound
wait<-xcomp aux advmod
double<-mark dobj nmod nsubj
sale<-cop amod nmod nsubj
decide<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
foot<-amod
neglect<-auxpass dobj
afflict<-case
shy<-aux compound:prt nsubj
market<-cc conj nmod:poss nmod amod
mind<-cc conj dobj nsubj
supplies<-case cc conj amod
offer<-dep advcl dobj nsubj
pico<-compound amod
react<-advmod nmod nsubj
buy-back<-det nmod
consumer<-case det compound
psyllium<-det nmod ccomp
cut<-aux compound:prt nmod nsubj
messrs.roderick<-cc conj
TWA<-case compound amod
yen<-cop nummod nmod
Motor<-appos compound
manager<-acl amod
keep<-advcl dobj
increase<-dobj advmod mark
predict<-cc ccomp nsubj
expectation<-nmod amod
produce<-aux advmod dobj
Centurion<-nmod compound
thrust<-advmod ccomp
get<-xcomp cc conj advmod nsubj
respond<-nmod nsubj
court<-case appos
year<-nummod acl
row<-case compound
contribution<-nmod:poss nmod
threat<-dep
mention<-case det nmod det:predet
Clara<-case cc appos conj compound
limit<-dep det compound
community<-case cc conj det
ratio<-case det compound
finish<-xcomp advcl nsubj
Honecker<-case
know<-nsubj neg advmod dobj aux mark
dealership<-det compound
decline<-case nmod:poss
resolve<-aux nmod
payment<-compound amod
call<-xcomp advmod nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
1125/8<-dep compound
rate<-case compound nmod:poss amod
resolve<-case advmod nmod:poss nmod
make<-parataxis dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
probable<-neg
Trifari<-case cc conj nmod:poss
exchange<-case cc conj det amod
n.j.-based<-amod
people<-dep amod
hope<-cop
list<-dobj nsubj
hog<-case acl:relcl det amod
attack<-aux nmod cop
jolt<-nsubj compound:prt nmod ccomp aux dobj
spree<-advmod nmod:poss nmod amod
not<-cop nmod nsubj
enjoy<-xcomp nsubj mark
5.0<-nummod nmod compound
Sinfonia<-dep det compound
transfer<-det nmod amod
parent<-det nmod compound
give<-nsubj cc dobj advcl aux conj
balloting<-case appos det
happen<-nsubj nmod mark
visit<-xcomp dobj nmod nsubj
comparison<-nmod amod
beneficial<-advmod
win<-det amod
british-owned<-cc conj nsubj
yeast<-det acl
refocus<-advmod dobj
work<-dep aux neg nsubj
show<-cc nsubj dobj advcl
enhancement<-acl:relcl det compound
security<-dep compound amod
163/8<-dep nmod compound
aesthetic<-nsubj cc nmod dobj conj mark
RJR<-cc conj
flow<-appos det compound
increase<-cop nsubj cc det compound conj
Commerzbank<-dep
pattern<-dep det
300<-case dep conj cc
thing<-cop amod det acl:relcl neg
write<-xcomp nmod nsubj
affiliate<-amod
Inc.<-case nmod:poss compound
relevant<-advmod det nmod
endure<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
order<-cop acl:relcl det compound
politics<-dep compound
Salem<-dep
allow<-xcomp aux advcl nsubj
prospect<-dep det
court<-compound det nmod amod
criminal<-cc conj amod
kayo<-cop nmod advcl
wipe<-nsubj compound:prt nmod dobj mark
break<-aux compound:prt nsubj
dream<-case
bike<-det acl
2,760<-case
9920/32<-case
lag<-case det compound
low<-advmod advcl
Krishnamurthy<-nmod compound
crash<-case dep nmod:poss compound
Giroldi<-cc conj amod
adoption<-advcl nsubj dobj mark
rejection<-case amod
Corp.<-appos compound amod
mail<-cc conj
fear<-dep nmod
USX<-case acl:relcl
newsletter<-case compound
have<-cc advmod dobj advcl conj mark
improve<-aux mark
construction<-case advmod
Driesell<-compound
roughly<-det nmod
struggle<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
network<-case compound nmod:poss amod
apparent<-advcl
set<-advmod
hope<-case nmod:poss
$<-cc nummod conj amod
pull<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
well<-case
pick<-neg dobj compound:prt
interested<-cop nsubj advmod nmod advcl aux
habit<-case nmod:poss nmod
bidder<-case amod
maker<-cop advmod amod acl:relcl compound nmod:poss
observer<-case compound amod
pollinate<-dobj
trumpet<-compound
keep<-advcl compound:prt mark
call<-dep dobj nmod advmod nsubj
561/8<-dep compound
predictability<-case acl:relcl det nmod
increase<-dep nsubj advmod advcl
quiet<-cop advcl
merger<-case cc conj
interest<-case det compound
American<-case
emerge<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
disclosure<-nmod
unravel<-nmod ccomp
December<-amod
3.86<-dep
culmination<-cop nsubj dep det nmod mark advcl
leave<-compound:prt ccomp nsubj
stand<-ccomp dobj
lens<-cop ccomp det dobj amod
period<-amod
contrast<-compound
lecture<-xcomp nmod nsubj
seek<-nsubj cc nmod mark dep conj
seek<-nsubj cc dobj aux conj mark
proposal<-nmod
homeless<-case det compound
flaw<-cc conj det nmod
have<-xcomp advcl
liken<-dobj nmod nsubj
profitability<-det nmod
Scottish<-case cc conj
study<-amod
crimp<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
dissolve<-auxpass nsubjpass mark
attach<-dobj nsubj
progress<-case
make<-advcl nsubj dobj mark
market<-advmod det amod
listen<-auxpass
address<-nmod mark
about<-case cc
surface<-case dep nmod compound
longing<-amod nmod nsubj
rational<-xcomp cop nsubj neg advmod nmod
take<-aux nsubj compound:prt advcl
Utilities<-nmod compound
increase<-dep det compound
Paramount-MCA<-case
tracking<-xcomp nsubj
reminder<-dep cop amod det nsubj
2596.72<-case
experience<-case det amod
sector<-amod det acl compound
six<-case dep compound
indicate<-dep dobj nsubj
Communications<-cc conj appos compound
tot<-case appos det
crust<-case advmod nmod:poss
97.65<-case
slack<-aux nsubj compound:prt advmod mark
pool<-nsubj dobj mark
print<-aux cop nmod nsubj
indication<-cop ccomp amod
item<-compound det acl:relcl amod
go<-advcl advmod nmod:tmod nmod mark
idle<-dep nmod
cease<-xcomp
hope<-dep advmod det nmod amod
wholesale<-cop nmod:tmod nmod
bar<-dobj
push<-compound:prt dobj mark
unchanged<-xcomp
analyst<-case acl:relcl
way<-case cop advmod det
patent<-nummod
triple-b<-nmod
agreement<-nummod nmod
tout<-nmod nsubj
porsche-like<-nmod dobj
agency<-case det nmod
peak<-dep det nmod compound
department<-case
gracefully<-advmod
cancel<-cc conj dobj mark
dismiss<-aux nsubj nmod advcl
more<-case advmod
require<-xcomp
shock<-cop det det:predet
drop<-advcl nsubj dobj mark
whipping<-dobj compound:prt
decline<-case det nmod
Chiron<-dep
Saturday<-nsubj ccomp
base<-dep det amod
pay<-aux dobj nmod advmod nsubj
Ross<-appos compound
15-day<-advmod ccomp nsubj
dominance<-amod
end<-neg advmod nsubj
quotation<-case
be<-cc nsubj ccomp advmod dobj
Hawkins<-appos compound
trading<-cc conj nmod compound
variety<-case acl:relcl det nmod
cause<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
own<-parataxis nsubj nmod mark
12.95<-dep acl
behind<-advmod advcl
reschedule<-xcomp nmod nsubj
weekly<-det
forbid<-advmod dobj nsubj
camera<-dep auxpass advmod dobj
honorarium<-det
goal<-nmod
Francisco<-case cc conj nmod compound
widen<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
industry<-dep neg advmod det
benefit<-aux nmod
schedule<-cc xcomp auxpass
prevail<-nmod mark
accompany<-nsubj advmod dobj mark
close<-amod compound
(<-cc dep conj nsubj mark
steelmaker<-case cc conj amod
dip<-nmod dobj
show<-xcomp dobj nsubj
setting<-nmod:poss nmod
%<-nummod det
Petroleum<-appos nmod compound
communication<-case det
notify<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
soar<-dobj nmod nsubj
swing<-det
coast<-case cc conj nmod
insurance<-case acl:relcl compound
burglary<-cop cc nummod advmod nmod conj
one<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
barrier<-case det
hat<-case det
Crossland<-case
monopoly<-det nmod amod
18,000<-advmod
close<-nmod:poss nmod amod
now<-case appos
empathize<-cc aux conj nmod nsubj
market<-dobj
cut<-dep dobj
shelter<-acl:relcl det amod
convention<-case det nmod amod
fertilizer<-compound
hunk<-det
Hachuel<-case compound amod
validate<-dobj
systematic<-cc conj advmod
control<-case acl:relcl det amod
G.O.<-compound amod
sink<-aux nmod nsubj
improve<-aux nsubj neg mark
Kate<-advmod nmod
equate<-auxpass nmod
mortality<-case compound
rise<-nmod:tmod nsubj
mileage<-det det:predet
stream<-compound nmod amod
tourism<-nmod
adopt<-dobj
take<-nsubj cc nmod:tmod nmod dobj advcl
Kidder<-dep
publication<-cc
icon<-nmod:poss
segment<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
health<-cc conj nmod amod
regard<-case nmod compound
highest<-case cop nsubj cc advmod det nmod
Susie<-advcl ccomp nsubj
tout<-dobj nsubj
risk<-compound
stuff<-dep nmod
Lack<-compound
kind<-dep advmod det nmod amod
earthquake<-case cc conj det
security<-dep compound advmod amod
rise<-dep advmod nmod
less<-dep advmod
clever<-advmod nmod
example<-cop amod det acl nsubj
state<-nsubj dobj mark
p53<-det compound
premiere<-case dep nmod:poss
two<-case cc conj det amod
display<-case dep
coast<-case det
raise<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
republican<-case amod
gathering<-case appos compound det amod
glamorous<-cop advmod mark
steal<-advcl dobj mark
kind<-cop det nmod mark
need<-dep nsubj dobj advmod advcl
ton<-acl:relcl
order<-dep cop nmod
decision<-acl det amod
blow<-cop det nmod
guideline<-cc conj nsubj
Journal<-case det
stand<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
acquisition<-det nmod compound
do<-cc conj nsubj nmod mark
egotist<-case cc det nmod amod conj
client<-acl:relcl amod
Bass<-case compound
Olympia<-cc conj compound amod
prayer<-case det
island<-case acl det amod
cite<-aux nmod dobj
degree<-case compound
viewer<-acl
take<-xcomp advmod dobj nsubj
tell<-xcomp aux dobj nmod nsubj
Management<-case compound amod
suggest<-xcomp dobj nmod nsubj
fill<-case
union<-cc conj
U.S.<-amod acl:relcl compound
price<-dep advmod amod cc compound conj
bowel<-case acl:relcl det
concern<-cop nmod ccomp
relate<-aux nmod nsubj
6,495<-dep
mark<-case cop nummod advmod nmod:tmod
Mix<-case nmod compound
survey<-cop nmod:poss nmod
Schneider<-nmod compound
rancorous<-advmod
rescind<-ccomp nsubj
restaurant<-case cc amod compound conj nmod:poss
fold<-cc conj dobj
maker<-cop nsubj det amod acl:relcl compound
hop<-nmod
pea<-dep amod
McDonough<-cc acl:relcl compound
Co.<-case dep advmod compound
support<-dep advmod nsubj nmod mark
predicament<-dep det
restricted<-auxpass nmod mark
852,000<-dep
suggest<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
373.40<-case cop dep advmod nsubj
nationwide<-advmod nmod
settlement<-acl:relcl det amod
start<-case compound nmod amod
anemic<-cc cop conj dep nsubj
create<-xcomp aux nmod
Know<-case appos det
pageant<-case det amod
stomach<-amod
legally<-cc conj cc:preconj
distributor<-case
Hahn<-appos acl:relcl compound
$<-nummod advmod acl
junk<-dobj mark
Bakker<-nmod compound
underwrite<-advmod dobj nsubj
pretense<-det acl
redone<-xcomp aux
recurrence<-dep det
citizen<-case cc conj
north<-nmod:poss nmod compound
plague<-xcomp
party<-case compound det amod
Confair<-appos compound
jump<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
sob<-aux nmod nsubj
so<-cc conj
masterpiece<-case nmod:poss amod
take<-aux advmod advcl nsubj
rebuild<-ccomp
outlook<-case det amod
market<-compound advmod amod
thesaurus<-det amod
decision<-cop nsubj det acl aux amod
Times<-case
parcel<-advcl compound:prt dobj nsubj
fall<-xcomp cc conj dobj nsubj
underline<-cc advmod dobj
value<-case dep nmod compound
lucrative<-parataxis cop advmod nsubj
place<-nmod:poss nmod
donation<-case amod compound
career<-case acl:relcl det
confer<-dobj mark
Batman<-case
Isuzu<-case cc conj
refund<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj
Drexel<-cc conj
destroyed.journalists<-cc conj nmod:poss compound
pistol<-det compound
victory<-amod
reportedly<-compound
support<-nmod:poss nmod amod
publish<-aux dobj nsubj
ratio<-dep det amod
think<-compound:prt nsubj
manager<-dep
borrow<-nsubj mark
rise<-aux nsubj nmod mark
scare<-case det nmod compound
expect<-dep dobj nsubj
grow<-aux advmod nsubj
arson<-case nmod
34,000<-xcomp mark
lack<-nsubj ccomp
tap<-case nmod dobj
10:45<-case advmod
145<-dep
discover<-advmod ccomp nsubj
rival<-xcomp nsubj mark
pleased<-cop advmod nmod
wine<-case cc conj compound
compare<-ccomp nmod mark
longer<-nmod
weigh<-dobj mark
ally<-xcomp nsubj
regain<-cc advmod dobj advcl conj mark
Gutfreunds<-case det
want<-xcomp parataxis advmod nsubj
get<-cc conj nsubj dobj mark
Parenthood<-cc conj
ignore<-ccomp
planning<-det amod
urge<-xcomp aux dobj
tax<-cop det nmod amod
stick<-cop acl:relcl nmod
Ruffo<-compound amod
novelist<-compound det amod
airport<-case cc conj nmod
bank<-case cc conj compound amod
hear<-parataxis nsubj dobj advcl
include<-aux nsubj nmod mark
mentality<-case amod
export<-advcl nmod dobj
share<-case nummod nmod:poss appos
base<-case det nmod amod
metal<-dep advmod dobj
trade<-aux nmod ccomp
sure<-xcomp cop nsubj
confer<-xcomp auxpass nmod
woman<-cc conj amod
believe<-aux nmod neg
way<-dep advmod det amod
professional<-amod
lot<-det nsubj
bring<-cc nmod nsubj
lower<-cop nsubj cc ccomp conj mark
these<-case nmod
TV<-case compound amod
People<-advmod det
bitterly<-advmod
advantage<-amod
practice<-dep dobj mark
man<-nummod acl:relcl det nmod
study<-cop nsubj nmod mark
anything<-amod
vehicle<-case det amod
yield<-appos det amod
pack<-case appos det
turf<-nsubj
thing<-nummod appos
Glaxo<-case
sustainable<-cop nsubj
kingpin<-nmod amod
less<-xcomp
rate<-advmod det nmod
rescind<-cc dep dobj
plant<-appos det compound
policy<-advmod nmod:poss acl amod
festival<-case det nmod compound
overturn<-dobj nmod mark
arrest<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
produce<-nsubj cc neg advmod mark dep conj
imply<-nsubj mark
review<-dep det compound
gallon<-case nummod compound
power<-case det amod
use<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
member<-case cc conj det compound
flag<-case compound det nmod amod
formulum<-case compound nmod:poss nmod amod
cut<-compound amod
repay<-aux nmod:tmod nmod mark
pressure<-case cop xcomp nmod amod
slide<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
tourism<-case dep
damp<-dep aux dobj advcl nsubj
siphon<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
summer<-case
advertising<-ccomp
peasant<-case acl:relcl det amod
sign<-case compound nmod amod
say<-aux nsubj dobj
goal<-dep acl
Teddy<-dep dobj
supercede<-nsubj ccomp mark
away?we<-compound
still<-aux nsubj ccomp mark
launch<-advmod dobj
destiny<-advcl nsubj
project<-nummod amod
collapse<-case nmod:poss
sell<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
result<-case det acl
recession<-cc neg
maturity<-case dep det nmod
plane<-cc conj compound det amod
NIH<-dep det
nightclub<-case nmod:poss
Ira<-appos
hold<-case cop nsubj cc mark conj
dicker<-compound
postponement<-det nmod
Murray<-appos compound
deviation<-case acl:relcl det amod
hold<-dep mark dobj nsubj
stock<-acl:relcl compound
capital<-nmod amod
go<-dep xcomp conj cc
implication<-case det nmod amod
refer<-nsubj dobj nmod advcl
Treasury<-cc dep advmod det compound
disappointing<-dep
consultant<-acl:relcl nmod compound
rubber-neck<-cop
California<-case cop nsubj mark
massacre<-case det
store<-case compound det amod
XR4Ti<-det
offering<-dobj
charge<-compound amod
4.25<-case dep nmod
head<-nmod:poss nmod
station<-case nmod compound
illegal<-cc conj
competition<-case cc conj amod
well<-case compound
plant<-case compound nmod amod
gaming<-case cc conj
poor<-advmod
invade<-aux nmod dobj
expanse<-case advmod det nmod
own<-aux advmod neg nsubj
conduct<-case compound amod
trademark<-cop amod nmod:poss dobj
begin<-advmod
refunding<-case compound det nmod amod
reform<-dep compound det amod
everybody<-dep det
assumption<-cop det ccomp
sell<-case det compound
introduce<-aux dobj nmod neg nsubj
prompt<-ccomp nsubj
yarn<-det acl
offer<-advcl nmod dobj
majority<-compound det nmod amod
slow<-aux nsubj advmod nmod dobj
buyer<-nmod
unit<-cop det nmod compound
Jan.<-case nummod nmod:poss nmod amod
Spielvogel<-compound
empower<-dobj nsubj
picker<-case
slip<-xcomp dobj nsubj
piece<-cop compound det nmod nsubj
class<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss compound
route<-case compound nmod amod
Education<-cc conj appos compound
project<-case dep advmod nmod
strategist<-cc conj
452.76<-case
intervene<-aux nsubj
power<-compound
supply<-amod
splash<-ccomp nsubj dobj nmod mark
cause<-aux nsubj dobj nmod advcl
complaint<-case nmod
expire<-xcomp aux nsubj advmod advcl
trust<-dep advmod det
demonstration<-det compound
positioned<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod mark
build<-auxpass advmod compound:prt
figure<-dep nmod:poss
line<-advmod det amod
escape<-nsubj cc neg advmod nmod aux conj
substitute<-dobj nsubj
say<-cc aux ccomp neg
fraud<-acl:relcl nmod compound
date<-nummod compound nmod:poss nmod amod
year<-aux cop nmod:poss neg nsubj
employee<-case det
dissimilar<-neg
do<-xcomp aux advmod ccomp nsubj
analyst<-case nmod amod
engineering<-case dep advmod nmod amod
underline<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
occur<-cc aux conj advmod nsubj
over<-cop nsubj mark
titanium<-case nummod
side<-nmod:poss nsubj
squeak<-dobj
deception<-case
check<-ccomp nsubj
agent<-case det compound
clear<-nsubj cc advmod dobj aux conj
support<-case det nmod
provide<-cc conj nsubj dobj mark
Story<-acl:relcl det compound
sense<-cop advmod det nmod amod
rescue<-dobj nmod mark
maturity<-det nmod
design<-case cc conj compound
inflict<-nmod dobj
respond<-dep cop nsubj nmod mark
affect<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
building<-case nmod amod
harvest<-nsubj advmod dobj
IRA<-case det
resume<-nmod:tmod nmod mark
grounds<-cc conj nmod:poss
breach<-dobj nsubj
development<-det nmod amod
jury<-case det nmod amod
aid<-case nmod amod
discourage<-aux dobj neg nsubj
491/8<-dep compound
quarter<-case nummod nmod:poss amod
line<-case det nmod amod
crash<-case nummod compound det amod
weapon<-case amod
complex<-case compound det nmod amod
margin<-dep nmod
reflect<-nsubj neg nmod dobj aux mark
time<-nmod compound
milk<-nmod dobj
place<-advmod nmod
record<-case det compound
cause<-nsubj neg nmod dobj aux mark
sense<-case appos det
hamper<-cc aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod
plea<-det nmod amod
leisure<-cc conj
improve<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
homeowner<-case det
Zacks<-dep nsubj
contention<-nmod:poss nmod
risk<-compound nmod:poss acl amod
study<-nsubj ccomp mark
survive<-aux advcl nsubj
invest<-ccomp
understate<-advmod dobj
pencil<-case cc conj amod
claim<-amod
study<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
sweep<-case det compound
separate<-case nmod
Keating<-dep nmod compound
set<-auxpass advcl nsubjpass dobj
thought<-nmod amod
enthusiast<-case nmod:poss compound
price<-case cc det nmod compound conj
respectability<-case nmod compound
master<-aux dobj nsubj
allow<-xcomp aux neg
ludicrous<-nmod
strike<-dep advmod nmod
28.375<-case dep
go-ahead<-det amod
mechanism<-compound det amod
ask<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
signal<-aux nsubj ccomp advcl
sentence<-det nmod amod
bigger<-cc conj
legislation<-case det amod
Coors<-case nummod compound
slash<-case amod
Salisbury<-case
put<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj advcl aux
soar<-advcl nmod nsubj
resignation<-dep det nmod
dam<-case dep det compound
Heights<-dep nmod
Lancaster<-dep
donate<-nmod dobj
persuade<-dep xcomp dobj
cumin<-case cc conj
talk<-case acl:relcl det
Sun<-case det compound
Watson<-compound
bylaw<-det compound
order<-dep det compound
concern<-case dep det
share<-advmod dobj nsubj
mean<-aux ccomp neg
Manhattan<-case compound
apple<-amod
idle<-cop ccomp
hero<-appos det nmod
give<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
morning<-compound det amod
founder<-cc conj
pay<-nsubj dobj
artifact<-cop det nmod
double<-dep advmod nmod dobj
Iraq<-case
form<-xcomp dobj
Mahfouz<-cop amod
difficulty<-appos det
find<-nsubj nmod mark
crew<-cc conj
Nugget<-appos compound
set<-aux nsubj dobj advmod ccomp
authorize<-advmod dobj nsubj
ask<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
majority<-dep det amod
Brazil<-cc conj
screen<-det
leave<-cc conj
generation<-acl det amod
marketer<-det compound
attorney<-case
item<-case nmod compound
finish<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
talk<-aux advcl
frame<-case nummod nmod
prefer<-xcomp advmod nsubj
engulf<-cc conj nmod dobj
function<-nsubj advmod advcl
achieve<-aux dobj nmod neg nsubj
variety<-case appos det amod
pound<-case cc conj det
Garcia<-appos compound
Seagram<-dep
announcement<-advmod det
limit<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod mark
capital<-neg compound
incentive<-cop advmod acl amod
anxious<-xcomp cop nsubj advmod mark
quest<-nsubj nmod mark
Valley<-case cc advmod det compound conj
eligible<-cop nmod
do<-cc conj ccomp
horror<-det nmod
thrust<-cop nmod:poss amod
reaction<-case nummod
dual<-cc conj
understand<-dobj mark
nagging<-acl:relcl det nmod
Seagram<-compound
Arafat<-dep compound
550<-advmod
restaurant<-case compound det nmod amod
backing<-case det compound
rise<-parataxis dobj nsubj
affiliate<-case nmod:poss
broker<-amod compound
see<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
fund<-dep det compound
syndicate<-case amod
individually<-case
facetiously<-advmod
{<-compound nmod:poss amod
accident<-det amod
1105/8<-dep cc nummod conj
retailer<-dep amod
bid<-acl det amod
proponent<-compound det nmod amod
pay<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
drive<-dep dobj nmod compound:prt
president<-dep cop
credit<-cop nsubj nmod mark
production<-case cc conj det nmod
course<-case nmod:poss amod
$<-case dep nummod det nmod cc compound conj
enable<-advcl aux dobj nmod nsubj
Edwards<-dep compound
disposable<-advmod
meeting<-case compound amod
grasp<-advmod
then-minister<-case det nmod
music<-cc conj nmod:poss
quake<-acl:relcl det nmod
translatorfor<-det amod
Hope<-case compound
use<-aux dobj neg
ton<-case nmod
derail<-aux dobj nsubj
injection<-det compound
offer<-acl:relcl
keep<-dep nmod dobj
love<-amod
own<-dep dobj
II<-case nmod compound
trouble<-dep
miss<-dep nsubj iobj dobj mark
novel<-case nummod acl:relcl det
dealer<-case nmod amod
bill<-case nmod:poss compound
network<-case compound det nmod amod
reassume<-mark dobj nmod nsubj
Chancellor<-case nmod
board<-case advmod det compound
believe<-aux nsubj mark
bishop<-nmod:poss amod
killing<-nummod det nmod compound
interest<-dep advmod det
investigator<-compound
filial<-xcomp
production<-case advmod acl:relcl
135<-case cc appos amod dep conj
pottage<-case
armadillo<-cc dep conj nsubj
spiritually<-cc conj
give<-aux advcl nmod dobj
delay<-nmod compound
complaint<-amod
fuel<-case det compound
put<-dobj nmod advmod nsubj
institution<-advmod
climate<-dep det
number<-acl:relcl cop advmod det nmod
same<-cop ccomp det nsubj
design<-det nmod
bind<-dep cop advmod nmod nsubj
go<-xcomp nmod:tmod mark
Inc.<-cc conj nmod:poss compound
peace<-case cc conj
craft<-advmod nmod
Sinatra<-compound
tight<-cop advmod nsubj
not<-cc cop ccomp nsubj
aid<-case cc conj compound amod
one<-nmod nsubj
2210<-case
dolt<-case det amod
order<-case cc conj det amod
clear<-advcl dobj mark
feminism<-case cc conj
base<-cop nsubj cc nmod aux conj
forecast<-case cc conj det amod
invasion<-det amod
operation<-acl:relcl nmod:poss compound
touch<-compound:prt dobj mark
stint<-det
37<-advmod
people<-det nmod compound
explore<-advcl dobj mark
investing<-dep amod
sugar<-case compound
turnover<-compound det nmod amod
cause<-case nmod compound
support<-dep aux dobj nsubj
item<-cc conj nmod amod
date<-dep advmod nmod
Garcia<-case nmod compound
net<-dep nummod det compound
security<-dep det amod
tonight<-case
charge<-nsubj cc neg dobj aux conj
Senate<-cc conj
colony<-case det nmod
Council<-case det compound
communique<-ccomp
broadcast<-case det compound
show<-cc cop nmod nsubj
use<-xcomp aux
reflect<-aux dobj nmod neg nsubj
today<-dep
reason<-appos amod
today<-det
vehicle<-case
trouble<-cop nsubj cc advmod mark dep conj
day<-cop nsubj det amod acl:relcl mark
dislike<-case
cut<-advmod dobj mark
spending<-dep amod
concern<-case nmod amod
spend<-advcl dobj mark
disclose<-nmod:tmod dobj
safe<-cop nsubj mark
1730.7<-case
quote<-auxpass nmod ccomp
stride<-advmod nmod nsubj
price<-case dep nmod:poss
prohibit<-xcomp nsubj
breaker<-acl:relcl det compound
department<-nmod compound
nerve-racking<-cop advmod nmod
begin<-dep nmod:tmod nmod dobj
relevance<-advmod nmod
price<-cop compound amod nmod nsubj
author<-case nmod:poss
more<-nmod:npmod nmod ccomp
blackout<-case
owe<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
budget<-case acl amod
Rogers<-compound
shape<-case cop amod
prospects<-case nmod:poss compound
profit<-nmod nsubj
compromise<-advmod dobj mark
AG<-dep compound
area<-case nmod:tmod amod
Tigreans<-det
security<-acl:relcl
responsible<-cop nsubj mark
Amdahl<-case
come<-advmod nmod:tmod nmod
back<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
become<-xcomp nsubj ccomp
savings<-case
information<-compound amod nmod nsubj
stuff<-cop amod
cooking<-ccomp mark
negotiate<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass mark
Quayle<-acl:relcl compound
Foods<-compound acl:relcl amod
gentleman<-cop amod
interested<-cop nsubj nmod advmod mark
lady<-cop nsubj neg advmod det nmod amod acl:relcl
question<-dep parataxis det amod
blanket<-nsubj dobj mark
resign<-compound
researcher<-case acl:relcl det
reproval<-case
make<-xcomp aux advmod mark
refinery<-case nummod nmod:poss amod
announce<-aux nsubj dobj mark
officer<-acl:relcl det nmod compound
venture<-case nmod
debris<-cc conj
Asia<-case nmod amod
cent<-case acl:relcl det
buoyant<-cop nsubj ccomp advmod mark
topic<-acl:relcl det nmod
leave<-nmod compound
Manson<-case compound
hard<-xcomp cop nsubj advmod mark
pickin<-case
A&M<-case compound
English<-cc conj
Index<-nummod det nmod compound
regulation<-compound acl:relcl amod
double<-advmod dobj
Air<-acl:relcl compound
demonstrator<-case nmod
caution<-xcomp advmod nsubj
Bush<-acl:relcl nmod compound
case<-nmod
ask<-ccomp advmod dobj nsubj
hire<-advcl advmod dobj nmod mark
draw<-ccomp advmod dobj nsubj
video<-case amod
don<-dobj nsubj
promptly<-nmod:npmod
exception<-nmod
bridge<-case det nmod
performance<-case nmod:poss
EC<-case cc conj det
level<-case cc conj det amod
manager<-appos nmod:poss amod
appreciation<-cop nmod amod
model<-cop acl det nsubj
cash<-det
whittle<-auxpass nmod compound:prt
mediator<-case det amod
highest<-case cop advmod det nmod
antacid<-amod
reinsurer<-det
justified<-auxpass advcl nsubjpass dobj
hit<-nummod
Mexico.We<-dep cop det parataxis amod
vow<-nummod
mine<-compound
constitutionally<-nsubj ccomp mark
glue<-det nmod
opinion<-case nmod
rough<-case det
military<-case cc conj amod
lend<-nsubj nmod dobj iobj advcl aux mark
goliath<-advcl
let<-nsubj dep neg nmod ccomp cc aux conj
July<-case nmod
cause<-amod
underreact<-cop advcl
aide<-det compound
41.60<-case
lend<-nsubj ccomp mark
trader<-compound det amod
respond<-advmod nmod nsubj
view<-case compound nmod:poss nmod amod
go<-xcomp nmod:tmod
prime<-neg
leader<-case nummod
bargain<-cop nsubj dep det nmod amod dobj
name<-case acl:relcl det amod
Assurances<-compound
assignment<-det nmod
Juliano<-compound
rejection<-det
step<-case det amod
sign<-cop compound nsubj nmod mark
center<-acl:relcl compound
expect<-xcomp advcl dobj nsubj
scare<-dobj
708,000<-case dep nmod
address<-dobj mark
show<-advcl advmod nsubj
July<-case cop nmod
status<-case det amod
drag<-case acl:relcl
prevention<-compound
disappointing<-cc cop conj advmod
consent<-det nmod
sign<-cop nsubj advmod appos mark
Publications<-case appos compound
quadruple<-aux nmod nsubj
entrust<-xcomp nsubj
agency<-case
drive<-compound:prt dobj mark
debt<-det nmod amod
Schwartz<-amod compound
indirectly<-nmod:npmod
tout<-xcomp nmod nsubj
Altimari<-case compound
trading.volume<-case nmod amod
agency.In<-det compound
roll<-case appos det compound
separate<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
turmoil<-det nmod amod
rate<-case dep compound
terrible<-cc cop conj nsubj
far<-dep nmod
treat<-cc conj dobj nmod:tmod mark
plunge<-cop acl:relcl det nsubj
write-downs<-case nmod amod
announce<-xcomp nsubj
fear<-det
Broker<-det compound
hidebound<-advmod
creation<-acl:relcl det nmod
cost<-cc conj amod nmod compound
commit<-ccomp nsubj
violence<-case cc conj nmod
other<-dep ccomp
brick<-det
Taipei<-case
soften<-advmod dobj mark
area<-appos det compound
cost<-case nmod compound
grant<-dep
lake<-case det
1930<-case
chance<-case det nmod
project<-dep
Fidel<-case cc conj
practice.Kent<-acl:relcl nmod:poss amod
need<-aux advmod advcl nsubj
resolve<-xcomp nsubj
regulation<-det
trouble<-case nmod:poss
trustee<-nmod:poss amod
hotel<-case cc conj
loan<-compound det amod
factory<-dep
ask<-xcomp cc advmod auxpass nsubjpass conj
oust<-mark ccomp dobj
issue<-amod nmod compound
spring<-aux advmod nmod neg nsubj
stop<-dep nsubj
tilt<-case det nmod
lift<-dep dobj nmod:tmod nmod mark
finding<-ccomp
price<-dep nmod
broker<-nmod nsubj
context<-case det
permit<-xcomp aux nsubj neg mark
intention<-acl det amod
pattern<-compound amod
venture<-cc conj amod
scientist<-nmod
but<-dep
resource<-case nmod compound
money<-cop compound acl nmod nsubj
actress<-dep det amod
discount<-amod nmod compound
cheer<-aux nmod nsubj
crack<-compound:prt nmod mark
Chancellor<-det nmod amod
gene<-case acl:relcl det amod
review<-case nummod det nmod compound
defeat<-aux cop nsubj mark
bankroll<-cc conj dobj mark
revenge<-det nmod
drink<-case det
fast<-cc conj
package<-advmod det amod
eager<-xcomp cop nmod nsubj
face<-xcomp nsubj
responsibility<-case amod
extricate<-dobj nmod mark
Inc.<-case advmod compound
vote<-case compound det amod
cut<-cc auxpass conj nmod dobj
feed<-auxpass advcl compound:prt
phone<-case det nmod
cheap<-cop ccomp neg
injury<-nmod
goods<-case det
goods<-case dep
base<-compound nmod amod
expect<-xcomp aux advmod
downgrade<-nummod nmod:poss nmod
divide<-aux cop nmod nsubj
expect<-xcomp dobj mark
misrepresentation<-case
commodity<-cc conj amod compound
report<-case dep det nmod
reason<-case nummod acl:relcl
do<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
complete<-aux cop nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
Merkur<-dep
replace<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
compare<-dep advmod nmod
regulation<-acl:relcl amod
enactment<-case acl:relcl det nmod
code<-compound
plea<-nmod:poss nmod amod
wear<-advmod nmod dobj
pitch<-cc det nmod amod
agency<-cc acl:relcl compound
lead<-amod
extensive<-advmod det
news<-case det acl
decade<-nummod appos
hear<-aux nsubj nmod advmod advcl
investigation<-compound
switch<-dobj mark
1972<-case nmod
robbery<-det
Mattel<-dep cc
float<-advcl aux compound:prt nmod nsubj
welcome<-cc dobj nsubj
everybody<-nmod
family<-det amod
tax<-cop compound det nmod amod
name<-cc conj
firm<-neg compound amod
employment<-appos
telecommunications<-case cc conj
tap<-dobj nmod mark
regularity<-case compound
circulation<-nmod:poss
benefit<-det nmod compound
reaction<-case compound amod
expand<-dobj iobj nmod mark
Mercedes<-det nmod amod
stretch<-aux cop advmod nsubj
knock<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj conj mark
time<-det acl
graduate<-case compound acl:relcl amod
Germany<-case cc conj
buy<-advcl advmod nmod dobj
begin<-cc nsubj ccomp mark
{<-case nummod nmod
Britain<-amod
Walkmen<-case dep conj det cc
simple<-cop advmod neg
call<-xcomp nsubj compound:prt mark
force<-dobj compound:prt nmod nsubj
dealer<-nummod compound
raise<-aux nmod
urge<-ccomp
limit<-nmod compound
franchise<-cop det
get<-dep mark ccomp nsubj
tumult<-det nmod amod
taping<-det amod
accessible<-advmod nmod nsubj
stream<-case compound nmod amod
pitch<-case compound nmod:poss amod
(<-xcomp parataxis nsubj
Advertising<-compound
Steinkuhler<-appos compound
hold<-cc conj dobj nsubj
syndicate<-case nummod nmod:poss
need<-advmod nmod mark
spur<-xcomp dobj nsubj
burn<-aux advcl mark
caution<-case appos
realize<-dep nmod nsubj
base<-cop dep det nmod amod compound
m<-cc conj
jump<-nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
laughingstock<-det nmod
Religion<-case dep det
he<-dep cop
arm<-xcomp advmod nsubj
Solarz<-compound
scale.if<-case
release<-advmod nmod
hone<-nmod compound
Lortie<-case
manager<-cc conj acl:relcl nmod compound
Childs<-compound
undertaking<-cop nsubj cc nmod amod conj mark
think<-aux advmod ccomp neg nsubj
agree<-dep xcomp nsubj
start<-dep
Certs<-amod
go<-dobj advmod nsubj
opposition<-case dep det
attest<-aux ccomp nsubj
contribution<-case nmod:poss compound
291/4<-case advmod
pose<-nmod nsubj
destroy<-aux dobj
FBI<-case cc conj det
unit<-nmod
Sellars<-case compound
Records<-compound
Windsor<-compound
Jr.<-cc conj compound
fight<-advmod
shy<-cc conj
Storehouse<-dep
preserve<-nmod dobj
27,225<-case dep nmod
impact<-case acl:relcl det amod
scramble<-xcomp nmod:tmod nsubj
resource<-cc conj amod det compound
204<-dep compound
sluggishness<-acl:relcl amod
patient<-cc conj advmod
aircraft<-case cc det amod compound conj
sandwich<-det
simplicity<-det
show<-cc xcomp nsubj
trickle<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod compound:prt
abound<-ccomp csubj mark
obligation<-case det
deal<-cop nsubj dep advcl amod compound aux
liable<-dep cop nmod nsubj
everyone<-case nmod
operation<-case appos compound
hand<-case cop xcomp nsubj
one-half<-advmod
chain<-case compound nmod amod
40.125<-case dep advmod nmod
run<-cc nmod nsubj
Canter<-amod compound
trip<-det nmod amod
split<-cc aux advcl nmod nsubj
refer<-nsubj dobj nmod ccomp
hold<-advmod dobj
advertising<-case nmod compound
key<-cop
retirement<-det nmod
demean<-aux nsubj dobj mark
year<-dep det nmod
imagine<-dobj nsubj
and<-dep nsubj dobj
have<-aux nsubj advcl ccomp
oversee<-dobj nmod nsubj
ambitious<-advmod
stash<-compound:prt dobj mark
era<-case det amod
begin<-nsubj
trip<-dep amod
sheet<-det nmod amod
variable<-case compound
goal<-case nmod:poss
magazine<-cc conj nmod:poss
Senate<-case det nmod
broker<-det nmod compound
(<-dep det compound
jump<-cop amod det nmod nsubj
square<-case amod
insulate<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
fist<-case
sender<-case amod
resist<-dep advmod dobj
volume<-cc conj nmod
safe<-xcomp cop nsubj cc advmod mark conj
likely<-cop advmod ccomp
let<-nmod mark
1949<-case
reflect<-dep nsubj
shareholder<-cc conj
Harbors<-nmod compound
friction<-case
meet<-aux ccomp neg nmod nsubj
mile<-case det nmod
profferr<-det compound
repurchase<-case
negotiation<-case cop nmod
chairman<-dep cc conj nmod compound
system<-case appos nmod:poss compound
disgust<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
company<-compound advmod amod
loss<-advmod det acl:relcl det:predet
price<-dep advmod dobj
agreement<-case nmod:poss acl
Courter<-dep
standard<-case cc conj compound amod
perfect<-cop neg
stable<-case det amod
overhaul<-det nmod
hold<-aux compound:prt dobj nsubj
experiment<-nmod nsubj
assess<-dobj nmod mark
transform<-nmod
dictator<-case det
information<-dep det
use<-acl:relcl nmod
c<-advmod
Provigo<-case compound
strip<-case nmod compound
take<-ccomp advmod dobj nsubj
accord<-case dep det
decline<-nmod amod
property<-nsubj
worry<-aux advmod ccomp
limbo<-case
dismember<-dobj advmod mark
overbid<-dobj nsubj
bid<-nmod:poss acl
park<-compound
rebound<-case nmod:poss
Iran<-cc conj nmod
step<-acl:relcl
favor<-dep nsubj
raise<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
wake<-case nmod:poss
be<-nsubj expl advcl
load<-dobj nmod compound:prt
decline<-case cop det nmod
donate<-dep nmod nsubj
appear<-nsubj cc nmod:tmod nmod advcl conj
diminish<-dobj
strategist<-nmod:poss nmod amod
least<-case advcl
achieve<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
recall<-xcomp parataxis nsubj
spend<-aux nmod
blindness<-amod
who<-nmod
contribute<-aux dobj nsubj
kayo<-cop nmod
hair<-case cc conj amod
economy<-case nmod
payment<-appos det
factory<-case nmod:poss nmod
ream<-case nmod amod
Sanders<-appos compound
catch<-aux dobj
ice<-dep amod
end<-compound:prt nmod mark
brokerage<-nmod compound
client<-acl:relcl compound
mile<-case det amod
promote<-xcomp
alarm<-case
predict<-mark
brand<-nummod det compound
plenty<-cc conj nmod acl
choose<-advmod
maturity<-dep det nmod amod
royalty<-cc conj det nmod
pressure<-dobj
go<-cop
basis<-amod
opening<-nummod
chef<-case
lower.housing<-aux nsubj ccomp mark
crop<-case det nmod
aggravate<-auxpass advmod nmod
find<-ccomp compound:prt
1365/8<-dep cc conj compound
accusation<-nmod:poss
display<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
low<-dep cop advmod ccomp
dazzle<-dep cop nmod
market<-dep
house<-case compound det amod
clear<-dobj mark
lessen<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
expert<-nmod amod
promote<-cc aux conj nmod nsubj
skilled<-cop advmod advcl
facility<-case det compound
neighborhood<-case amod
)<-case dep nummod amod cc conj
turnover<-dep
50,085<-dep
clue<-acl:relcl det
bank<-nummod advmod amod
top<-cc conj compound amod
take<-advmod nmod dobj
cough<-nsubj compound:prt dobj mark
near<-cop nsubj neg advmod advcl aux
figure<-xcomp nmod nsubj
issue<-parataxis cop nsubj cc neg advmod det amod
aim<-dep advmod nsubj
papers<-nmod:poss compound
medium<-dep cc conj
start<-nsubj cc nmod compound:prt conj mark
important<-cop nsubj neg advmod nmod advcl aux
resource<-advmod compound
sing<-case compound det amod
market<-case cc conj det nmod
keynesian<-neg nmod:poss
transparent<-cop nsubj advmod mark
call<-dep compound
mean<-aux advmod nmod neg nsubj
such<-cop ccomp
Policy<-appos det compound
furniture<-det
debate<-det nmod amod
viewer<-case amod
build<-compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
take<-dobj compound:prt nmod mark
notice<-case aux ccomp nsubj
power<-cc neg conj nmod
caterer<-dep acl:relcl compound
synthesizer<-cc case conj dep
spot<-xcomp aux nsubj
develop<-neg advcl nsubj
diversify<-cop advmod
unite<-mark
purchase<-dep cop nmod:poss nmod nsubj
Bethlehem<-acl compound
scribe<-acl:relcl compound
add<-compound:prt nmod dobj
mudslinging<-case amod
buy<-advcl
Governors<-case appos
demon<-case det nmod
affect<-aux nmod neg
enter<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
reject<-advcl dobj nsubj
shard<-nmod
mind<-xcomp aux advcl neg nsubj
harder<-nmod nsubj
enforce<-parataxis advcl dobj mark
45,000<-dep nmod
September<-cc conj
find<-xcomp parataxis nsubj advcl
provisional<-cc cop conj nsubj
record?does<-case compound det amod
gain<-advmod dobj nsubj
service<-det amod
fall<-advmod dobj nsubj
bounce<-compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
affidavit<-dep
accept<-advmod dobj nsubj
harsher<-advmod
continue<-cc conj ccomp mark
park<-det amod
believe<-neg advmod nmod nsubj
Eurodebt<-appos nmod:poss amod
anthem<-case nmod:poss
Lorenzo<-case appos compound
marketer<-dep cop advcl amod
sale<-case nmod:poss amod
latest<-acl:relcl
due<-amod
harvest<-det compound
business<-case acl:relcl amod
disk<-case compound
province<-case appos compound
economist<-cc cop conj
director<-dep nmod:poss
conflict<-case neg nmod
6.18<-dep acl
carry<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
bend<-nmod
convention<-case det
force<-xcomp advmod nsubj
56.25<-case dep
sale<-case dep compound
Dassault<-case
jetty<-dep det compound
moderation<-cc conj nmod amod
minute<-case nummod det nmod amod
dead<-cop nmod nsubj
Channel<-nummod
album<-compound
suit<-nmod
lay<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
notice<-case nmod:poss nmod
result<-case dep det nmod
halt<-advmod dobj
portfolio<-case compound amod
come<-aux advcl nsubj
Scorpios<-nummod
freeze<-case compound det amod
soar<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
company<-dep nummod amod
thanks<-nmod amod
linkage<-acl:relcl
celebration<-case
town-house<-nsubj ccomp mark
dealer<-cc conj det compound
bank<-cc conj acl:relcl det
advancer<-case det compound
payment<-case compound nmod amod
controller<-cc conj compound
Commerce<-case dep
generation<-case det amod
disappointment<-cop det amod
child<-det acl
contract<-advcl nsubj
conduct<-acl:relcl
unit<-advmod det nmod amod
hide<-nmod
smell<-nmod
preamble<-case det
make<-aux advcl
history<-dep det nmod amod
return<-advcl aux nsubj advmod mark
dream<-advmod nmod compound:prt auxpass nsubjpass mark
spend<-xcomp cop advmod nsubj
Kidder<-compound
tell<-auxpass ccomp nsubjpass nmod:tmod mark
renew<-dobj nmod nsubj
correct<-cop nsubj neg mark
throw<-nsubj neg advmod nmod dobj aux mark
trends.then<-compound acl:relcl amod
offer<-cop nsubj dep advmod acl cc conj
tell<-dobj ccomp advmod nsubj
meld<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
combine<-dobj mark
proceed<-advcl mark
institute<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
ease<-aux dobj advmod nsubj
active<-nmod
group<-cop nsubj neg advmod det nmod amod
resort<-case nmod:poss compound
sector<-compound nmod:poss amod
title<-xcomp cc conj
rejection<-case nmod:poss nmod
carry<-aux advmod dobj
require<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
propose<-aux ccomp nsubj
result<-dobj nmod nsubj
mailer<-case cc conj
slip<-advmod nsubj
Wentworth<-acl:relcl compound
embarrass<-aux dobj nsubj
comfortable<-cop nsubj cc cc:preconj nmod conj
ex-wife<-case
poor<-advmod det
fallout<-det
outlook<-case amod det compound
colleague<-nummod ccomp amod
list<-cc det nmod
be<-dep xcomp nsubj
footnote<-det det:predet
home<-dep
nothing<-acl:relcl nmod
present<-det compound
cross<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
alive<-nmod nsubj
publicity<-dep amod
most<-case dep advmod det cc conj
number<-case nummod nmod
package<-nummod nmod
1466.29<-case
bridge<-case det
timetable<-case det compound
substitute<-xcomp nsubj mark
senior<-case dep conj cc
Bochniarz<-case nmod compound
establish<-advcl dobj
stage<-dobj mark
cause<-aux nsubj
sift<-xcomp nmod nsubj
explode<-nmod
increase<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
control<-cc conj dobj mark
flexibility<-cc conj acl:relcl det
throw<-dep advcl dobj nsubj
internationalization<-case det nmod
blast<-dep det
evidence<-advmod nmod
tale<-det nmod amod
aggressive<-cop nsubj cc advmod advcl conj
aim<-advmod nmod nsubj
insert<-case compound
administration<-advmod det
actually<-ccomp nsubj
brand<-det nmod amod
upstairs<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
expect<-nsubj ccomp advcl
divide<-dobj nsubj
possible<-xcomp cop nsubj
violation<-case compound nmod amod
ABC<-acl:relcl
style<-case det acl
placement<-case
care<-nmod amod
accusation<-advmod nmod compound
possibility<-cop det nmod ccomp
dominate<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
show<-dobj ccomp nmod nsubj
Brady<-dep compound
judgment<-dep compound
quota<-nmod compound
hold<-cc conj compound:prt dobj mark
source<-nmod amod
sort<-case det acl
visit<-advmod dobj nsubj
lot<-dep cop det nmod advcl
surprise<-case det amod
chancellor<-advmod det
gimmickry<-case compound
chance<-acl:relcl det
beat<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
name<-det
agree<-advmod ccomp nsubj
strike<-advmod dobj nsubj
seem<-xcomp advcl nsubj
join<-mark advmod dobj
revoke<-aux cop nsubj
experience<-case nmod compound
penny<-dep det
blandness<-case
drop<-case compound amod
walk<-cc conj advmod
model<-case advmod det amod
garden<-amod
borrower<-case cc nummod conj amod
verdict<-dep nmod nsubj
rider<-det amod
generation<-nmod:poss nmod amod
doubt<-ccomp nsubj
gas<-det det:predet
thought<-case amod
hold<-nsubj nmod:tmod mark
suit<-case dep det amod
Antar<-nmod compound
Van<-case nummod
service<-acl det amod
phenomenon<-compound det amod
Seita<-case
individual<-case acl:relcl det amod
two-third<-auxpass nmod
suspend<-advcl dobj mark
drop<-dep det amod
suspend<-dep auxpass advmod nmod dobj
wrap<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
operate<-dobj nmod nsubj
group<-case det acl
character<-dep cc det amod
reckon<-auxpass nmod mark
Management<-case appos compound
part<-case cc conj compound
involve<-aux ccomp nmod nsubj
piece<-case cc conj nmod:poss
company<-dep nmod:poss
hit<-det amod
prevent<-nsubj dobj mark
afraid<-cop nmod advcl
no<-case
solution<-acl:relcl det amod
receiver<-acl det amod
republican<-case det nmod
gypsy<-case det
uncertainty<-acl:relcl det
benefit-seeking<-case amod
growth<-cc conj advmod nmod compound
land<-det compound
unloaded<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
test<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
enhance<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
attempt<-xcomp nmod nsubj
read<-ccomp nmod nsubj
feat<-det nmod amod
France<-case amod
leader<-appos det
excess<-case cop nmod
183/8<-dep compound
buying<-dep det amod
summarily<-case
Allen<-dep compound
3.89<-dep
Mullins<-nmod compound
life<-case det nmod amod
estimate<-compound nmod:poss amod
slump<-dep cop advmod amod nsubj
be<-cc nsubj expl conj mark
agree<-nsubj ccomp mark
grounds<-cop nmod compound
ideologue<-nmod
downbeat<-cop det ccomp
scene<-acl:relcl det acl
tie-in<-advmod det det:predet
hospital<-case compound
Spinola<-appos compound
Chips<-compound
create<-cc conj
base<-cop advmod nsubj
litigator<-det
power<-det nmod amod
time<-cc conj nmod:poss amod
turn<-case dep nmod
defection<-nsubj
take<-aux nsubj nmod neg advcl
blaze<-nmod nsubj
quip<-ccomp nsubj
cure<-dobj mark
credit<-cc acl:relcl amod
virginia.he<-case amod
issue<-cc dep det
stand<-advmod mark
Valentine<-case compound
assemble<-xcomp mark
approach<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
rendition<-acl:relcl nmod amod
Agency<-case nmod:poss compound
both<-cc dep
reporter<-case amod
go<-advmod compound:prt
cattle<-case compound amod
Republican<-nummod
observe<-nmod nsubj
arrest<-dep cop conj cc nsubj
enter<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
build<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass
faint<-case det
chew<-cc dep conj dobj nsubj
9:15<-case appos
room<-case dep advmod det amod compound
resolution<-cop cc neg det amod expl aux conj
be<-cc neg nsubj ccomp expl
painting<-case det
cost.The<-dobj nsubj
continue<-dep xcomp nsubj mark
rest<-det nmod compound
hardware<-case cc det amod compound conj
foundation<-cc cop conj amod nsubj
investment<-compound amod nmod nsubj
(<-cc cop conj nsubj
beeswax<-case dep nmod:poss nmod compound
turn<-det
construction<-acl:relcl
province<-case nmod:poss
franchisee<-nmod amod
advance<-nmod:poss
reason<-cop det ccomp
advance<-dobj mark
debtholder<-case acl:relcl det
network<-case compound
provide<-advcl nmod mark
join<-xcomp dobj nmod nsubj
1979-80<-case
state<-advmod amod
monthly<-nmod
discover<-cc advmod ccomp nsubj
century<-case det
Shearson<-det amod
Rainman<-case
puppet<-det
1.8<-dep advmod compound
steal<-cc conj dobj nmod mark
opinion<-nmod amod
day<-compound amod
cost<-nsubj dep advmod nmod mark iobj aux dobj
spread<-nmod nsubj
argue<-ccomp
look<-nsubj cc advmod nmod mark conj
continue<-dep aux dobj nmod nsubj
Hoover<-case compound
depress<-nsubj dobj advmod advcl
garage<-case amod
year<-appos det nmod amod
available<-cop nsubj cc neg nmod aux conj
floor<-case advmod det nmod
marketer<-cop acl:relcl amod
you<-appos
Fruit<-dep compound
new<-cc cop conj advmod nsubj
abandon<-dobj nmod mark
constraint<-acl:relcl
sell<-aux nsubj
return<-dep nsubj mark
czar<-det compound
pull<-advmod nmod nsubj
diverge<-aux advmod nsubj
tell<-dep nmod mark
Martinez<-case amod det compound
Alaska<-cc conj
Coleman<-case compound
hotel<-cc conj nmod:poss amod
revolution<-case nummod det compound
herd<-case det nmod
drop<-nmod compound
scope<-case cop nsubj det nmod ccomp aux
withstand<-dobj nmod mark
pound<-dep det amod
average<-cc nummod det conj amod
DES<-case
be<-aux neg nsubj
investigation<-case det nmod compound
intention<-cc cop conj amod
quarter<-nummod det appos
learn<-advmod ccomp nsubj
backpack<-compound
wish<-aux advmod dobj
agree<-aux compound:prt ccomp nsubj
wider<-amod
do<-cc conj dobj
writedown<-cc conj
force<-compound nmod:poss amod
begin<-nsubj dep advmod dobj advcl aux
miss<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
item<-dep det
seem<-aux advmod neg nsubj
cash<-det amod
degree<-nmod:poss nmod
point<-dobj nsubj
edge<-dep compound
signal<-advmod dobj
Hills<-compound
Zeta<-dep
unperformed<-advcl nmod nsubj
film<-cc conj nmod:poss
sow<-dobj mark
audit<-case
fund<-cop nsubj det nmod amod compound
testify<-cc advmod nmod dobj conj mark
democratize<-auxpass
buyer<-cc conj det
return<-nsubj ccomp nmod mark
kid<-case dep acl
Floral<-dep compound
draw<-cc conj dobj nsubj
opposition<-case det
wage<-amod
fade<-dep nmod advcl
interchangeable<-cop neg nsubj
number<-compound
mind<-dep neg compound
depreciation<-dep amod compound
cover<-cc conj dobj mark
fashion<-det amod
scope<-case
portrayal<-nmod
town<-case det amod
pay<-xcomp aux nsubj
discover<-nsubj ccomp mark
Exchange<-compound det nsubj
impossible<-xcomp cop neg amod
District<-case compound nmod:poss amod
reward<-det nmod amod
notion<-acl:relcl det
actually<-case
fall<-dobj advmod nsubj
beware<-nmod
record<-det nmod compound
question<-cc dobj nsubj
resolve<-case
participate<-dep advmod dobj compound:prt
comment<-ccomp nsubj
circumvent<-dobj
Japanese<-amod
head<-compound amod
trade<-aux advmod nsubj
admit<-nsubj ccomp advcl
tale<-case acl:relcl det amod
estimate<-nummod acl
appeal<-amod nmod nsubj
Daiwa<-case appos
male<-nmod
coin<-dep det
well-entrenched<-cc cop conj nsubj
name<-nmod dobj
trouble<-case cop amod mark
step<-aux advmod compound:prt dobj nsubj
advocacy<-case
pencil<-case det
broker<-dep
hamper<-aux advcl nsubj
come<-dep nmod cc csubj aux conj
category<-case nummod amod
wording<-det
OTS<-det
coffee<-cc conj compound
unencumbered<-nmod nsubj
judge<-advcl mark
employee<-dep acl:relcl
nominate<-aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod
accept<-ccomp nsubj
game<-cop amod det neg nsubj
personnel<-amod
supply<-det amod
Louisiana<-case
balk<-aux nmod nsubj
Gannett<-case
look<-det nmod compound
interior<-case det
Southern<-case compound
USA<-case compound
advance<-case advmod nmod
margin<-det acl
threaten<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass
curb<-aux nmod
harvest<-case det
Ailes<-case compound
Brierley<-advmod compound
hobble<-aux cop nsubj nmod advcl
down<-cop nsubj mark
peace<-case nmod
get<-aux compound:prt nmod nsubj
dollar.but<-case det
quiet<-compound nmod amod
Hustead<-case
Kleiber<-compound
languish<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
model<-acl det amod
demonstrate<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
spin<-advcl compound:prt dobj nmod mark
night<-nummod acl:relcl
building<-case det compound
open<-nmod:tmod
lbo<-case
improper<-advmod nmod nsubj
debunk<-nsubj neg nmod dobj aux mark
Fire<-case dep
fee<-case cc conj
we<-case cop nsubj neg nmod aux
one<-cop nsubj cc neg det nmod amod conj
million<-cop dep advmod cc compound conj
fall<-nsubj dobj nmod advmod advcl
chimney<-amod
National<-acl:relcl nmod compound
intellectual<-case cc conj
project<-dep cop nmod
theorist<-compound det advmod amod
rule<-dep
academy<-compound det amod
trade<-aux dobj
hose<-case compound amod
louder<-advcl
Miner<-cc conj compound
FASB<-case det amod
association<-nmod:poss
capacity<-case cc conj det amod
cash<-nmod mark
analyst<-appos det
Wilbur<-compound
allow<-dobj iobj nsubj
second-quarter<-det
go<-dep advmod nmod
aim<-case det acl
view<-dep cc conj dobj nsubj
surplus<-nummod det compound
position<-nmod:poss nmod amod
North<-dep compound
250<-dep nmod
Worldwide<-compound
vacuum<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj iobj
help<-cc aux dobj neg nsubj
concept<-case nmod:poss amod
criterion<-acl:relcl det compound
trepidation<-case acl
show<-parataxis nsubj dobj advmod mark
polished<-advmod
dislike<-xcomp aux parataxis neg nsubj
work<-dep nummod det nmod compound
borrowing<-case nmod amod
prefecture<-dep compound
datum<-nmod:poss nmod
divest<-dobj
bring<-xcomp aux compound:prt nsubj
spill<-case nmod:poss compound
earnings<-dobj nmod nsubj
period<-case nmod
disagreement<-case det nmod amod
incorrectly<-case
work<-det acl
gold<-case nmod:poss
contract<-dep nummod det compound
willing<-xcomp aux cop advcl nsubj
fund<-det nmod
printer<-amod det nmod nsubj
worker<-det amod
refugee<-det
Cup<-det
child<-nummod
year<-case advmod nmod
pace<-dep det amod
North<-cc conj
decade<-acl
yield<-advmod nmod amod
brand<-case det nmod amod
tractor<-amod
canvas<-case
toiling<-case nmod amod
Dun<-case cc conj det
merit<-advmod dobj nsubj
immunity<-det
know<-nsubj dobj nmod:tmod mark
conservative<-cop nsubj nmod advmod mark
incident<-acl:relcl
resume<-ccomp mark
own<-dep cop
water<-case det compound
active<-cop advmod
devalue<-cop nmod nsubj
2,680<-case
share<-cc conj nmod:poss
design<-case compound
wheel<-case nmod compound
lose<-dep advmod nmod dobj
star<-cop amod det nmod mark
reservation<-det nmod
premiere<-case det
expert<-case amod compound
usual<-nmod:npmod
saturate<-nsubj ccomp mark
player<-case cc conj compound
systems.but<-case nmod:poss amod
pilot<-det amod
box<-dep nmod
summit<-case dep compound det amod
competitor<-case
measure<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
yuppie<-case compound
Phoenix<-dep
obsolete<-dep
drop<-nsubj cc neg nmod aux conj
tremor<-det nmod amod
try<-ccomp mark
permit<-aux nmod dobj
Delicious<-case det
diversify<-nmod dobj
win<-advcl dobj mark
one<-dep amod
politics<-case mark
tool<-case det compound
waste<-neg dobj
genentech<-xcomp
difference<-nmod amod
entitlement<-case appos det
2.70<-dep
Index<-acl:relcl det nmod compound
laugh<-advmod
circular<-case det compound
extortion<-case
other<-case appos
flight<-case cc conj nmod:poss amod
occur<-aux nsubj
provide<-dobj iobj nsubj
sex<-cc dep conj
buy<-nsubj cc compound:prt aux conj dobj
translation<-dep nmod:poss
resign<-compound:prt ccomp nsubj
Whitten<-appos compound
more<-cop advmod nmod advcl
contract<-case dep det compound
take<-cc conj mark nsubj
lawyer<-det amod
decision<-neg amod
poorly<-advmod
consider<-dobj nmod mark
fund<-compound det acl:relcl amod
disappoint<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
application<-case nmod amod
justified<-aux cop advcl nsubj
endorse<-parataxis dobj nmod mark
democracy<-case det acl
trust<-dep
pilot<-compound det amod
reminder<-cop ccomp det amod
grow<-xcomp dobj mark
undemocratic<-cop advmod
select<-xcomp nsubj dobj nmod:tmod mark
window<-case det
midst<-case nsubj det nmod mark aux
trade<-xcomp advmod nmod nsubj
employ<-mark
raise<-aux compound:prt nmod nsubj
growth<-cop appos amod expl aux mark
imperious<-cc conj
responsibility<-det nmod
pressure<-acl
follow<-advcl nsubj compound:prt mark
post<-case appos amod det compound
GM<-case cc conj
System<-appos compound
Office<-nmod:poss nmod
crop<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod compound:prt
motif<-dep amod nsubj
off<-cop nmod mark
liberalism<-compound
heater<-compound amod
end<-advcl compound:prt dobj nsubj
Isler<-case compound
Poland<-cc conj
be<-dep nsubj advmod mark
insist<-aux nmod advcl
stock<-nummod det amod
record<-nmod
signal<-advmod ccomp
damages<-amod
have<-neg ccomp mark
deposit<-det acl
amount<-advmod nmod amod
strip<-dobj nmod mark
damper<-det
aircraft<-case cc conj nmod:poss appos
bill<-neg amod
disabled<-dep cop conj cc nsubj
billion<-case nmod compound
together<-case
part<-case nummod advmod nmod
shingle<-det
New<-case
Chan<-case compound
oust<-advcl dobj mark
resident<-nummod nmod amod
Durkin<-compound
Dow<-acl:relcl det nmod
audit<-case det nmod amod
close-up<-cop appos amod neg
penny<-nummod compound
firm<-appos det amod
efficient<-cc conj
diarrhea<-nmod
utility<-case cc conj
McCarthy<-amod compound
military<-det compound
rebut<-dobj
ash<-case cc conj det nmod
pick<-nmod dobj
loser<-cop amod det nmod neg
Wilson<-appos compound
grant<-compound
wound<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
republican<-ccomp nsubj
deportation<-det nmod
inflow<-advmod det nmod amod
debt<-case acl:relcl det amod
that<-case cop advmod nsubj
glass<-case compound
foil<-dobj nmod mark
sure<-cop nsubj cc neg nmod mark aux conj
Gates<-acl:relcl det compound
fairy<-det amod
amazement<-case amod
construe<-aux cop nsubj dobj
reject<-nsubj cc advmod dobj conj mark
watch<-case det
goddess<-case det nmod
optimistic<-cop advmod nmod neg nsubj
pleasure<-det nmod amod
authorize<-dep dobj nmod mark
attention<-det nmod compound
deny<-aux nmod:tmod dobj
Institute<-appos
44<-case dep nmod
il-4<-dep
put<-aux dobj nmod advmod nsubj
uncertainty<-cop acl det amod
look<-cop amod nmod neg nsubj
brand<-case cc conj det
owner<-cop advcl det mark
filing<-case amod
hate<-mark
Ngoc<-amod compound
over<-cc cop conj advcl nsubj
smoke<-case amod
report<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
lackey<-cop nmod nsubj
act<-nsubj advmod mark
polish<-dep nsubj
debate<-cop nmod
cause<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
fall<-cop advmod acl:relcl nsubj
Angeles<-cop compound
property<-nmod
accumulate<-auxpass dobj nsubjpass nmod mark
value<-cop nmod
Redmond<-dep
freeze<-dobj compound:prt nmod mark
get<-aux advmod nsubj nmod mark
generate<-aux nsubj dobj advcl mark
largely<-aux ccomp
fruition<-case
deny<-cc dep advmod dobj nsubj
high<-dep
tap<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
break<-cc conj dobj compound:prt
day<-cop det nmod nsubj
}<-xcomp nmod nsubj
contest<-case cc conj det nmod
anti-communist<-nsubj ccomp mark
opposition<-dep nmod amod
feature<-dobj
loan<-det nmod
Bolton<-appos
borrow<-auxpass ccomp nsubjpass nmod mark
act<-case det
ally<-det nmod compound
presentation<-dep
point<-det compound
comment<-nmod:poss amod
oppose<-advcl auxpass advmod nsubjpass mark
credentials<-amod
Live<-dep compound
Barre<-compound
note<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
move<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
economy<-acl:relcl nmod
contractor<-nmod:poss
write<-nsubj ccomp
Baden-Wuerttemberg<-case
Board<-case compound det amod
assault<-case cc conj
pulp<-cc conj det compound
control<-case cop
press<-appos advmod
end<-ccomp nsubj
decline<-aux nsubj
switch<-advmod dobj
panel<-cc conj
cleanup<-case det
speak<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
win<-xcomp dobj nmod mark
jump<-dep advmod nsubj
buyer<-nmod:poss amod
25,000<-neg advmod acl compound
discriminate<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
indictment<-det nmod amod
announce<-cc ccomp nsubj
Pisa<-case
live<-dobj compound:prt mark
lay<-nsubj cc nmod compound:prt aux conj
tell<-compound:prt
Sihanouk<-compound amod
8.68<-case dep nmod
Matthews<-advmod compound
right<-cc cop conj nmod nsubj
look<-dep advmod dobj compound:prt
call<-nsubj nmod advmod advcl
Soviet<-appos det compound
editor<-cop nmod
include<-advmod nmod nsubj
true<-parataxis cop advmod neg
criss-cross<-dobj nsubj
best<-case cop det nmod
movement<-case compound det advmod amod
charge<-det nmod acl
vagary<-case det nmod compound
University<-case acl:relcl compound
package<-aux nmod dobj
territory<-det
improve<-aux nsubj nmod:tmod mark
plane<-compound det amod
quote<-aux auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
effort<-compound nsubj
word<-case cc conj det nmod
Tuesday<-case cc conj
balance<-det
pend<-aux auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
scrutiny<-case det
label<-nmod dobj
self-expression<-case acl:relcl det
brain<-amod nsubj
housing<-case nmod
scandal<-compound amod
introduce<-xcomp advmod nsubj
claim<-nsubj ccomp mark
war<-cc compound det nmod amod
all<-case dep
father<-case amod
partisan<-cop nsubj cc advmod det nmod conj
Shearson<-cc conj
soap<-case cc conj
approve<-nmod dobj
anytime<-case
drop<-nmod advcl
Friday<-amod compound
information<-case appos det
involvement<-det nmod
position<-nummod
sing<-dep nmod nsubj
11.38<-case dep conj cc
many<-case cop acl:relcl det
CenTrust<-cc conj compound
Geneva<-case cc conj compound
airline<-nmod
share<-nummod det compound
pricing<-det
set<-cc nmod nsubj
fellow<-nmod:poss
hop<-parataxis nmod nsubj
delegate<-det compound
restore<-xcomp neg nmod:tmod nmod auxpass nsubjpass aux
business<-acl:relcl amod
contract<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
minister<-dep det compound
trigger<-aux advmod dobj neg
surplus<-dep det compound
Graphics<-acl:relcl compound
tree<-compound
squeeze<-det amod
defend<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj aux mark
head<-nsubj dobj advmod advcl
proposal<-det nmod compound
contention<-cop nsubj cc advmod nmod conj nmod:poss
cocoa<-amod
technology<-compound
product<-case dep det
endorsement<-nmod:poss
point<-case nummod advmod
consider<-dep nsubj dobj
grimace<-nmod
legislation<-nummod det
bulwark<-det nmod amod
kill<-advcl mark
crisis<-case compound det amod
agree<-xcomp aux nsubj advcl
hold<-neg advmod ccomp nsubj
mill<-nmod:poss amod
dub<-auxpass nmod
stock<-case nummod det
committee<-compound
end<-dep det nmod compound
right<-compound amod
end<-acl:relcl compound
Placement<-appos compound
exactly<-dep
appointment<-case
Pinpoint<-case
agree<-advcl aux advmod neg nsubj
move<-det acl
loot<-advcl nsubj
become<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass
word<-acl det amod
eye<-nmod nsubj
form<-cop nsubj det nmod amod mark
line<-compound nmod nsubj
wear<-advcl dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
city<-det compound
agency<-compound amod
Morishita<-compound det amod
walk<-dobj mark
sophisticated<-cop advmod
time<-acl det amod
plotter<-compound nmod amod
accuse<-ccomp nmod nsubj
restaurant<-case amod
profit<-nummod compound nmod amod
run<-xcomp neg auxpass advmod nsubjpass
proclaimed<-ccomp nsubj
Wilm<-case
fall<-dep det
aid<-amod compound
folding<-case appos advmod det nmod amod
sum<-case
recalculate<-cc dobj dep auxpass nsubjpass conj
statistics<-det
{<-auxpass
pastime<-case nmod:poss amod
fare<-dep amod
solution<-nummod amod
colleague<-case compound det nmod amod
Chiefs<-case cc det nmod compound conj
authorization<-case amod
stain<-aux dobj nsubj
compromise<-dep det
Menlo<-dep compound
killer<-case amod
hair<-nmod:poss
affect<-aux nsubj advmod dobj mark
aim<-auxpass advmod nmod
country<-cc conj nmod
day<-nummod acl
buy<-dep aux conj cc nsubj
Lorenzo<-appos compound
supplier<-det nmod amod
strengthen<-ccomp mark
stay<-advmod nmod mark
Angelo<-case
buying<-case compound det amod
levy<-case compound det nmod amod
message<-det nmod amod
discount<-nummod compound det amod
design<-cop nmod
mission<-case det nmod compound
focus<-dep neg det amod
pay<-advcl advmod nmod nsubj
quiet<-case
measure<-advmod det nmod amod
feature<-case dep dobj
mainframe<-dep nmod:poss
far-left<-det
implement<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
Falls<-dep compound
degenerate<-nmod mark
take<-dep advcl advmod nmod:tmod nsubj
pool<-case nmod
center<-ccomp nmod nsubj
executive<-nummod amod
hear<-dep dobj nsubj
volatile<-cop nsubj cc advmod nmod conj
critic<-dep det
anther<-cc conj det nmod
begin<-cop dep advmod nmod:tmod nmod dobj
Navy<-case det compound
rat<-case
Europe<-case acl:relcl
anyone<-acl:relcl amod
feature<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
buy-back<-dobj nmod mark
explain<-cc conj dobj mark
client<-det compound
acquisition<-case det compound
receive<-nmod
5:40<-case advmod
match<-nmod:poss
evader<-case compound
face<-case dep
boomer<-case cop det ccomp compound amod
pay<-advmod compound:prt dobj mark
3.22<-dep
have<-nsubj cc ccomp mark conj dobj
high<-dep cc conj amod
jump<-compound:prt nsubj
thin<-cop advmod advcl
british<-cc conj
goods<-amod compound
no<-advmod nmod
transition<-case det amod
make<-advcl aux dobj advmod compound:prt
member<-cop det compound
incursion<-det nmod
link<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
stand<-aux compound:prt nmod neg nsubj
strength<-dep case amod
exhaust<-cc nmod:tmod nmod auxpass nsubjpass aux conj
intend<-xcomp aux neg
get<-xcomp aux advmod compound:prt nsubj
paper<-dep det amod
hold<-det nsubj
import<-det
team<-cc acl:relcl nmod:poss nmod
apologist<-advmod det amod
evidence<-cop advmod advcl amod
ticket<-compound
comb<-aux nmod nsubj
spread<-dobj nmod mark
profit-taking<-cop det advcl
compelling<-advmod
aid<-compound
rape<-case appos
supply<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
plane<-case advmod amod
approach<-case nmod:poss amod
LBO<-det
go<-aux advmod neg nsubj
material<-case det compound
japanese<-dep amod
creativity<-case
exclude<-dep advmod dobj
Fargo<-dep compound
allowance<-neg
firm<-case cop xcomp
slowly<-cc conj advmod
competence<-case cc conj amod
act<-xcomp nsubj advmod mark
hotel<-case compound amod
Lawson<-case nmod compound
retire<-dobj advmod nsubj
attribute<-xcomp advmod nsubj
Stores<-case compound
amount<-advmod nmod
ice<-dep det amod
individual<-case nmod
touchdown<-case
Parks<-case cc conj det
take<-advcl advmod dobj nmod nsubj
wait<-aux nsubj mark
robust<-cop nsubj dep cc advcl aux conj
elevate<-advmod dobj nsubj
Inc.<-cc appos acl:relcl conj compound
rubber<-dobj
McCullough<-appos compound
crawl<-cc advcl conj compound:prt nsubj
redefine<-nmod dobj
drug<-cc conj acl:relcl
apply<-cc dep conj nmod
take<-aux nsubj advmod dobj mark
ruling<-case det compound
average<-case compound
concern<-cop nmod neg nsubj
Nucor<-case
well<-cop
group<-nmod nsubj
1,520<-case
bring<-aux nsubj advmod nmod mark
sugar<-nmod compound
Russians<-case cop det compound
lawmaker<-nummod compound amod
system<-case amod det compound
know<-xcomp nsubj advmod nmod mark aux
nail<-dobj ccomp mark
analysis<-case det nmod amod
pharmacy<-cop compound
Hall<-dep acl:relcl compound
trade<-dep dobj mark
network<-case dep det amod
gun-carrying<-det
Building<-case det compound
negotiator<-det amod
capitalize<-nsubj nmod mark
Sidley<-case
trim<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
delegate<-dep amod
attractive<-aux cop nmod nsubj
gun<-amod
add<-dep advmod nmod nsubj
initiate<-compound det amod
protocol<-dep det nmod amod
trigger<-ccomp nmod dobj
antibody<-det
agree<-aux advmod advcl nsubj
door<-det nmod
course<-cop compound det nmod amod
newspaper<-case compound
need<-cop acl det nsubj
mind<-case aux nsubj dobj
have<-xcomp aux neg
time<-cop det nmod amod
blast<-case det
get<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj advcl mark
dip<-nmod:poss
specify<-dobj nsubj
Fireman<-cc conj cc:preconj compound
overcome<-xcomp nsubj cc advmod mark aux conj
trading<-dep advmod
jell<-nmod
aide<-det nmod
publicly<-case
year<-cc nummod advmod det amod mark
lesson<-det amod
purchase<-case det
relax<-aux nsubj advmod mark
rate<-nmod acl
help<-nsubj neg nmod dobj advcl aux
lead<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
York<-case compound acl amod
date<-nmod:poss compound
slow<-nmod:npmod advmod
matter<-cop nsubj det nmod mark
now<-case cop nsubj advcl mark
a<-det amod
First<-case
commission<-cc conj nmod amod
run<-aux nsubj ccomp dobj mark
value<-cc conj
brand<-cop advmod nmod:tmod amod mark
Australia<-case nmod compound
truth<-cop advmod det nmod
example<-appos
range<-case nmod:poss nmod
start<-nsubj cc advmod nmod advcl aux conj
70<-case
debate<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
unconcerned<-cop nmod
11210/32<-case
seed<-det ccomp
come<-cc conj nsubj
lower<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
floor<-nummod appos nmod
Bean<-compound
number<-nummod det nmod
use<-acl
sensitivity<-amod
peel<-cop nsubj cc advmod nmod:tmod mark aux conj
coincidental<-cop advmod neg nsubj
c-17<-cc conj det amod
Massachusetts<-acl:relcl
victim<-det
member<-cop nsubj dep advmod det nmod amod cc conj
struggle<-compound
have<-nsubj dobj
catch<-aux advmod nmod
seconds<-case advmod
course<-case compound det amod
mainline<-case det compound
share<-appos
doomsayer<-case det amod
road<-det nmod
recall<-dobj mark
operate<-dep aux advmod nmod nsubj
media<-det compound
training<-aux cop nmod amod nsubj
belongings<-amod
switch<-dep mark advmod compound:prt cc conj dobj
security<-cc conj
yen<-case dep nummod nmod
soup<-nmod:poss
passion<-case compound
brand<-case det compound
reach<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
Sinfonia<-det amod
wedding<-dep dobj
clash<-advmod nmod
minority<-cop nsubj advmod det nmod aux
Peru<-case cc conj compound amod
earn<-nsubj advmod dobj iobj aux mark
geometric<-cc conj
call<-xcomp nsubj dobj mark
hiss<-dobj csubj nsubj
Schieffelin<-cc conj
leave<-aux advcl neg nsubj
demand<-aux dobj nsubj
restart<-nmod
intercept<-ccomp
we<-cop advcl neg
Ortega<-nmod:poss
borrow<-nmod dobj
mine<-case cop nsubj cc neg det conj
find<-dobj iobj mark
objective<-det
intelligence<-amod
objective<-dep
keep<-dobj compound:prt nmod advmod nsubj
opportunity<-det compound
scholarship<-case amod
area<-case dep det cc compound conj
Brazil<-case cc conj
mail<-acl:relcl det amod
come<-dobj
vividly<-advmod
moon<-appos nmod:poss
want<-nmod dobj
rent<-dobj
lure<-dobj nmod mark
fall<-aux nmod neg nsubj
377.80<-case dep advmod
20.75<-case dep
{<-dep cop advmod neg
mention<-ccomp nmod nsubj
ghost<-cc conj
point<-cc conj
incarcerate<-ccomp mark
path<-case compound det amod
undermine<-dobj nsubj
1.11<-dep
weigh<-nmod nsubj
assess<-advcl dobj mark
weaken<-nsubj advmod dobj advcl aux mark
Gaubert<-case compound
face<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
roommate<-det compound
butler<-dep cop amod det mark
)<-cc auxpass advmod nsubjpass conj
plunge<-advcl nsubj
negative<-neg cop
Jean<-case compound
cultural<-cc conj amod
stock-index<-case nummod nmod:poss
want<-nsubj dobj advcl
maximize<-dobj
alternative<-case compound amod
redo<-dep aux dobj nsubj
business<-det nmod amod
start<-det amod
village<-cc conj acl nsubj
midst<-case det acl
company<-cc det nmod amod compound conj
bite<-neg nmod
Foothills<-case
Mixte<-case appos compound
Charlet<-compound
negotiation<-case cop nmod nsubj
tomorrow<-det compound
rein<-amod
investor<-case acl:relcl
overall<-dep nsubj
work<-nummod det nmod compound
clouded<-nmod
baggage<-det acl
highest<-case dep det
conduct<-case amod
interest<-case advmod nmod amod
sponsor<-case amod
coup<-case det nmod amod
journal<-case amod
accept<-nmod:tmod nmod dobj
bottle<-case cc conj amod
upset<-xcomp cop nmod nsubj
be<-advmod nmod
treat<-nsubj cc nmod dobj conj mark
exceed<-case cc advmod nmod auxpass nsubjpass conj
Congress<-case det nmod compound
rightly<-cc conj
tactic<-dep amod
asset<-cc conj nmod:poss compound
record<-cc conj dobj mark
evaluation<-nmod:poss
you<-dep acl:relcl
thrust<-cc conj nmod dobj
Beaver<-case
consistency<-case
result<-advcl aux nsubj nmod mark
override<-det
opportunity<-cop nsubj det nmod amod acl
specialist<-case acl:relcl amod
behave<-aux advcl dobj nsubj
accurate<-cop advmod advcl
curator<-appos det
coupon<-dep det amod
double<-advcl aux advmod nmod nsubj
stifle<-nsubj neg nmod dobj aux mark
reorganization<-case det nmod
291/2<-dep nmod compound
true<-cop nsubj advmod mark advcl aux ccomp
drive<-aux dobj
rush<-nmod
advertisement<-case
God<-cc conj nmod:poss
Marshall<-nmod compound
great<-cop ccomp
decide<-neg dobj advmod mark
peck<-parataxis compound:prt nmod nsubj
brand<-case nmod amod
touch<-aux nmod neg nsubj
program<-case cc conj det amod
tie<-det
Nicholas<-compound
Co.<-acl:relcl compound
buy<-aux compound:prt dobj nsubj
future<-cc conj nmod amod
nearly<-nmod:npmod
agree<-aux nmod neg nsubj
guarantee<-cop amod nmod compound
exercise<-cop nmod
Glaser<-case dep amod cc compound conj
London<-cc conj acl:relcl
defy<-nsubj ccomp mark
study<-cc nmod ccomp expl aux conj mark
principal<-case det
pilot<-nmod:poss acl
plead<-dobj nsubj
tremor<-nmod amod
engineering<-case cc conj nmod:poss nmod
attempt<-cop acl det amod
state<-det nmod amod
owe<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
recommendation<-dep nmod:poss compound
place<-cc cop conj nsubj
palladium<-case nmod:poss amod
clear<-ccomp nsubj
easy<-nmod mark
apply<-dobj nmod nsubj
create<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
analysis<-det amod
weaker<-cop nsubj
find<-xcomp aux nsubj neg mark
late<-advmod
break<-nsubj dobj mark
creation<-cop advmod nmod:poss acl
base<-det nmod amod
receive<-advmod nmod:tmod dobj
veto<-appos det amod
deliver<-xcomp nmod mark
scared<-nmod
perhaps<-advmod
approve<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
quake<-case acl:relcl det
surely<-dep nsubj
Itel<-case
imbalance<-case amod
comply<-aux nmod neg nsubj
wrinkle<-dep nummod amod
bounce<-aux advmod nsubj
look<-cc xcomp nsubj
Michel<-acl:relcl compound
sell<-aux advmod dobj
question<-nmod compound
authorize<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
discovery<-case det nmod
collapse<-nsubj advmod mark
worm<-det compound
apply<-dep advmod nmod dobj
violin<-ccomp nsubj
get<-aux compound:prt mark
Maalox<-nmod
campus<-case cop nsubj cc neg advmod det mark compound
pay<-advcl dobj
exceed<-aux dobj nsubj
depletion<-case cc conj compound
country<-cop amod det neg
rally<-case compound nmod amod
strapped<-advmod
push<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
invoke<-advcl dobj
prepare<-xcomp cop neg nsubj
west<-det
hurricane<-case dep det
stick<-advcl nmod nsubj
spectator<-amod
proof<-case
performance<-dep nmod
room<-case acl
editorial<-det
hungry<-advmod
UAL<-case dep
42<-acl
toxin.but<-acl:relcl det
spree<-case acl:relcl det compound
raise<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj
Sonata<-cc conj compound nmod:poss amod
rise<-dep aux nsubj dobj mark
help<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
attorney<-case det nmod compound
fire<-advmod dobj nsubj
leave<-aux dobj nmod advmod nsubj
close<-case advmod det
hardware<-cc conj amod
408<-case advmod acl:relcl
stand<-case appos compound
shut<-nsubj compound:prt mark
inflow<-cop amod det nmod nsubj
datum<-compound amod
Kerkorian<-case advmod compound
turnover<-cc cop conj advmod amod
track<-case det nmod amod
call<-cc conj dobj
buy<-nmod:tmod nmod dobj
16<-dep compound
heap<-case nmod:poss compound
hedge<-dep case det nmod
expire<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
}<-cop compound nsubj
tax<-case acl:relcl det compound
inflation<-compound
broker<-case det compound
sign<-dep nmod
lift<-case
keep<-dobj iobj mark
offer<-dep nmod dobj
stance<-case nmod:poss nmod
level<-nmod:poss amod
read<-nsubj cc neg advmod dobj aux
have<-cc aux nsubj ccomp advcl
requirement<-cop ccomp
institute<-case det nmod
spend<-advmod mark
recover<-xcomp mark
right<-case det nmod amod
survey<-appos nmod:poss nmod
responsive<-cop advmod mark
patriot<-case det nmod
close<-advcl dobj nsubj
FBI<-compound
over-allotment<-det nmod
weaken<-dep dobj
slowdown<-advmod det nmod
homeland<-case det compound
truck<-case acl:relcl det amod
decision<-cc conj det amod
portfolio<-cc dep nummod advmod amod
issue<-case cop appos det nmod amod advcl
administration<-dep acl:relcl det nmod amod
reject<-nmod
c-word<-case det amod
troubling<-cc cop conj advmod advcl
inventory<-amod
want<-advcl nsubj compound:prt nmod dobj
multinational<-case compound
Schwarz<-acl:relcl compound
niche<-det compound
perform<-advmod nsubj
Jackson<-dep compound
gear<-case amod
copper<-case cc conj amod
liberalization<-case dep amod
cost<-parataxis nsubj nmod dobj iobj aux
meet<-cc conj nmod
earn<-dobj nmod mark
1,068,000<-dep appos
vague<-cop
close<-dep acl compound
Continental<-acl:relcl
be<-cc conj dobj nsubj
extend<-advcl nmod:tmod nmod mark
production<-case dep amod
expect<-xcomp nsubj dobj
audition<-nmod mark
prestige<-case det nmod
elaborate<-aux nmod neg nsubj
hear<-advcl advmod nsubj
Post<-det compound
Todt<-compound
meet<-advcl nmod:tmod nmod mark
1247.87<-case
repair<-case acl:relcl
harm<-det
agreement<-acl
suck<-advmod compound:prt dobj nsubj
cope<-nmod nsubj
asset<-case advmod nmod:poss
dismiss<-dobj
pronunciation<-case det amod
bash<-dobj
Carlucci<-amod compound
result<-dep advmod nmod nsubj
30<-dep nmod compound
know<-dep mark
take<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj conj
hold<-advmod compound
flap<-case acl:relcl det compound
history<-det nmod
build<-auxpass advcl nmod dobj
124,000<-case dep
inundate<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
Lifestyles<-nmod
point<-compound det det:predet
damage<-nmod amod
Sacramento<-case nmod
rule<-dep det
Saatchi<-case cc conj
kidney<-case det
name<-compound amod
provide<-aux nsubj
Mattis<-appos compound
extend<-advcl nsubj
speculation<-case amod
Sciences<-appos compound
end<-advmod dobj
narrow<-cop nsubj advmod mark
so<-cc dep advmod
settle<-mark
Agnelli<-cc conj compound
adaptation<-det amod
suitor<-det nmod amod
result<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
miscommunication<-case
coincidence<-det nmod
cancer<-case compound amod
treat<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
find<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
dormitory<-compound det nmod amod
carry<-aux dobj
Impco<-case
asbestos<-case det acl
defeat<-case appos amod
let<-nsubj compound:prt nmod mark
flaw<-cop advmod nsubj
lack<-advmod dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
outcry<-case det
Franklin<-dep compound
principal<-det nmod amod
test<-case det compound
speculation<-cop nmod amod
hotel-casino<-dep det nmod
Center<-compound
concentrate<-nmod mark
Party<-case det nmod compound
firm<-case acl:relcl compound
movement<-case det
company<-case cop acl det amod
gap<-dep det compound
Mesa<-cc acl:relcl nmod amod
ghost<-cc conj det
accuse<-cc advcl advmod dobj nsubj
opposition<-nmod nsubj
inform<-xcomp nsubj
plot<-dobj advmod mark
disappointed<-auxpass advmod nmod
acquisition<-nummod nmod:poss nmod
time<-xcomp
sit<-advmod compound:prt dobj nsubj
10<-dep advmod compound
dictate<-dobj mark
Judge<-cc dep advmod dobj
boost<-xcomp
leadership<-compound det amod
reality<-cop advmod det nmod
comb<-cop nmod
work<-xcomp aux csubj mark
able<-parataxis cop advmod xcomp nsubj
commission<-case cop nsubj det acl aux
compete<-advcl
republic<-det amod
65,200<-case dep nummod nmod
run<-dep nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
Hugo<-cc conj compound
turn<-advcl compound:prt dobj advmod mark
revive<-dobj nmod mark
studio<-acl amod
counter<-cc conj compound
Fassbinder<-case appos compound
complaint<-det amod
response<-dep det nmod
Patterson<-case compound
rat<-aux nsubj nmod mark
Sutcliffe<-case appos compound
fade<-cc conj
ease<-case det nmod
quarter<-advmod det nmod
Wilshire<-case compound
cruiser<-case nmod:poss compound
practice<-case compound amod
frame<-case det
add<-parataxis advmod nsubj
unchanged<-xcomp cop nsubj nmod mark
move<-appos compound
reject<-xcomp advmod nmod nsubj
wait<-cc advcl conj dobj mark
Electronic<-cc conj compound
piece<-cop nsubj det nmod amod aux acl
safety<-case det nmod
look<-case amod
approach<-cc cop nmod nsubj
botch<-case compound
Nashua<-case amod
best<-det det:predet
company.but<-case acl:relcl det
transplant<-det
grow<-advmod dobj
depart<-dep advmod nmod nsubj
intend<-xcomp cc conj nsubj mark
no<-nmod
continue<-dep advmod dobj nsubj
Chinese<-dep advmod compound
open<-xcomp
executive<-nummod nmod
attack<-amod
Schramm<-appos compound
fall<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
perestroika<-case amod
source<-amod
Post<-case cc cc:preconj det compound conj
have<-xcomp nsubj dobj mark
States<-compound
1.85<-dep
war<-case det nmod compound
ear<-advcl nsubj mark
sell<-nsubj compound:prt nmod mark
ira<-xcomp nsubj
say<-aux ccomp nmod nsubj
guideline<-case nmod
revolve<-nmod nsubj
since<-case
Flakes<-compound
branch<-aux advmod compound:prt nmod nsubj
crush<-xcomp mark
do<-cc conj advmod nsubj
salesman<-dep
target<-cop nsubj det nmod amod mark
Farrell<-appos compound
hinder<-auxpass advmod nmod
give<-dep nsubj dobj compound:prt
plus<-cc
increase<-ccomp nmod nsubj
economize<-nmod mark
Fox<-appos nmod
amount<-nummod det
complain<-advmod nsubj
generate<-dep aux dobj nsubj
premium<-case compound det nmod amod
absence<-case det compound
career<-amod nmod nsubj
Renaissance<-appos
defens<-nmod:poss
produce<-aux nsubj nmod dobj
return<-cc conj advmod det compound
pleased<-cop nsubj
jet<-case det compound
lines.since<-case amod
bond<-dep mark
acquire<-dobj nmod nsubj
ban<-det compound
irony<-cop ccomp det nmod amod
Mitterrand<-compound
efficiency<-dep cc conj det nmod
area<-dep nmod:poss nmod
INTERNATIONAL<-appos compound
chain<-cop nsubj dep det amod aux
thing<-dep advmod det amod
account<-cc conj nmod nsubj
display<-advmod nmod dobj
volume<-dep nmod compound
gene<-amod
banish<-advmod nmod nsubj
{<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
debt<-appos det
Smith<-appos compound
service<-case cc conj amod
softened<-advmod
Namibia<-case
Good<-case compound
tolerate<-dobj mark
Transplantation<-case compound
statues.yet<-case amod
open<-xcomp dobj nsubj
sympathetic<-xcomp
bid<-case cc conj
legitimize<-dobj mark
notion<-case dep det
chair<-dobj nmod nsubj
supply<-case cop det compound
vote<-nmod dobj
follow<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
plunge<-case amod
priority<-case
enormous<-cop advmod ccomp
ceiling<-compound det amod
put<-ccomp nsubj
seminar<-nmod
mercury<-det nmod
engine<-case compound
tract<-case compound amod
juror<-det acl
Volokhs<-dep det
VAX<-ccomp nsubj
loss<-case cc conj nmod
drive<-aux nsubj compound:prt dobj mark
raise<-compound det nmod amod
law<-nmod
Comfort<-nmod compound
review<-case appos acl:relcl det compound
fly<-cc conj nmod mark
expect<-cc xcomp nsubj
selling<-advmod
definition<-det
plane<-case nmod:poss compound
announce<-aux advmod nmod
task<-amod
buying<-cc det nmod acl conj amod
decide<-xcomp aux advmod nmod nsubj
concession<-case compound nmod amod
privately<-case
charge<-dobj nmod mark
negate<-cop nmod nsubj
prudent<-cc conj cc:preconj
mail<-dep advmod nsubj
ordeal<-case det
Castaneda<-case compound
brother<-det compound
Giuliani<-compound amod
Fossett<-compound
Vegas<-appos compound
commentary<-dep amod
readily<-nmod
year<-cop nsubj det advmod mark
Children<-case
insurance<-cc conj
Tashi<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
River<-compound
trader<-compound nmod:poss amod
Gupta<-nmod compound
resentment<-case nmod amod
January<-case advmod
obligation<-det acl
misanthrope<-case det nmod
do<-nsubj nmod:tmod mark
operate<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
Hampshire<-dep compound
range<-case advmod det compound
state-owned<-cc cop conj advmod nsubj
explain<-xcomp mark
Tuesday<-case compound
thinking<-case compound
diversify<-auxpass nmod
rule<-nsubj neg advmod nmod compound:prt aux dobj
LifeSavers<-compound
exchange<-ccomp nsubj
competent<-cc cop conj nsubj mark
cottage<-case acl
propriety<-det nmod
manager<-dep compound amod
6,480<-case dep
hire<-dep aux dobj nsubj
component<-det nmod compound
short-lived<-cop
again<-advmod nmod
we<-dep cop xcomp case nsubj
prevent<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
drive<-nmod compound
deficit<-acl:relcl det
Semel<-dep nmod compound
pay<-case compound
11/2<-case det
nothing<-advmod acl
union<-advmod det
program<-case appos compound amod
Institute<-case compound
restore<-aux advcl neg nsubj
bell<-det amod
trade<-det nmod
get<-nsubj neg nmod dobj mark aux compound:prt
solve<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
estimate<-det det:predet
roll<-cop advmod det nmod
papers<-nummod compound amod
pause<-dep nmod advcl
considerable<-cop advmod
shut<-compound:prt dobj mark
eruption<-case det nmod amod
tell<-xcomp cc conj dobj nsubj
payer<-det nmod
lucky<-cop advmod
Bay<-cop compound acl nsubj
mine<-amod
matter<-cop acl:relcl det nmod nsubj
banker<-dep det
just<-case det
bleak<-cop advmod nsubj
hard<-xcomp advmod
report<-advcl dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
interrogator<-det nmod amod
idea<-cc acl:relcl nmod:poss amod
identify<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
1981<-dep cop advmod case
insure<-case cc conj compound
increase<-compound nmod:poss nmod amod
Air<-appos compound
government<-case nmod compound
see<-cc xcomp nsubj
slip<-compound amod
involve<-nsubj
RTC<-dep det
dress<-advmod nmod
machete<-nmod
sell<-xcomp advcl nsubj dobj mark
potent<-advmod
base<-aux nmod mark
Slovakia<-advmod dobj nmod mark
policy<-nummod nmod amod
tie<-aux ccomp advmod compound:prt nsubj
plunge<-cc conj compound det amod
arguably<-ccomp
take<-nsubj neg dobj advcl aux mark
telephone<-dobj nsubj
mean<-nsubj ccomp mark
university<-case compound
plan<-case advmod acl:relcl nmod compound
bode<-aux advmod nmod neg
publication<-advmod det amod
buyout<-case amod
devote<-advcl dobj nsubj
return<-xcomp nsubj cc advmod nmod conj
orchestra<-case amod
minicomputer<-amod
surprising<-dep cop nsubj
fellow<-cop nsubj cc det amod conj
blame<-ccomp
emerge<-aux nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
Mixte<-cc acl:relcl compound
meet<-dep dobj mark
pool<-case det
significant<-cop nsubj nmod:tmod mark
represent<-cc dobj nsubj
fear<-case acl:relcl
read<-cc conj mark
mind<-nmod mark
401/8<-dep compound
executive<-acl
tender<-neg amod
learn<-aux ccomp nsubj
account<-advcl nsubj
Intergroup<-acl:relcl compound
hardware<-cc conj compound det amod
collar<-case amod
see<-xcomp mark
cover<-aux ccomp nsubj
express<-dobj
aura<-det nmod
scene<-cop det amod
880<-case compound amod
fastball<-case amod
obstacle<-cop amod det nmod nsubj
collapse<-cc advmod det compound
possible<-xcomp cop nsubj neg advmod nmod
revenue<-compound acl nmod amod
L.A.<-case
foot<-dobj
slash<-advcl dobj mark
bid<-advmod
contract<-compound nmod nsubj
introduce<-auxpass nmod
company<-advmod nmod
pile<-case
development<-nmod nsubj
expect<-aux nmod
confederation<-det
computers.one<-cop dep advmod det nmod amod compound
appear<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
number<-acl:relcl det
sky<-case
go<-xcomp nmod
practice<-case compound det amod
use<-advmod
play<-dep det
agonizing<-aux advcl ccomp nmod mark
result<-case advmod det
lesson<-det
force<-case nmod amod
seek<-aux dobj nmod neg
strawberry<-case
city<-compound
scientific<-cc conj
politics<-case appos amod
launch<-case
2.875<-case dep
airline<-cc conj
mr.gargan<-case
gather<-dobj nmod mark
fusion<-case det nmod
conduit<-compound det advmod amod
Bureau<-case det nmod
Colinas<-case compound
break<-advmod mark
bring<-compound:prt dobj
anathema<-dep auxpass nsubjpass nmod
climb<-compound nmod amod
response<-case cop nsubj advmod nmod mark ccomp
outlook<-case det nmod compound
beat<-aux advmod dobj advcl nsubj
sound<-nmod mark
bid<-case nmod:poss nmod
deteriorate<-parataxis ccomp nsubj
twist<-nmod
fluctuate<-cc aux conj advmod nsubj
postpone<-nmod
57<-advmod
talk<-compound:prt mark
dispute<-dobj
dark<-case cop det
hide<-cc conj dobj mark
be<-neg advmod ccomp
conspiracy<-case
provision<-case amod
profitable<-cop advmod nsubj
write<-mark dobj nsubj
student<-case cc nummod conj
outweigh<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
vote<-amod acl compound
aim<-dep det amod cc compound conj
Placements<-compound
follow<-det nmod amod
Ferguson<-case compound
abound<-nsubj
vehicle<-nmod amod
sale<-compound det amod
Tiger<-nmod compound
fall<-dep aux conj cc nsubj
art<-case advmod compound
painting<-case acl:relcl det
loss<-cc acl:relcl amod
stock<-compound det amod
stand<-det
open<-dep nmod nsubj
tag<-det nmod compound
put<-nsubj cc neg nmod dobj aux conj compound:prt
beneficiary<-case nmod
issue<-cop appos
Sony<-nmod compound
Bureau<-nmod
be<-cc neg xcomp nmod expl
manager<-acl:relcl compound
quick<-xcomp cop nsubj advmod advcl
break<-aux advmod compound:prt dobj nsubj
Hunter<-case
House<-cc conj cc:preconj det
revise<-advmod
Honecker<-dep nmod compound
company<-case advmod det nmod
omit<-xcomp advmod dobj nsubj
chair<-compound det amod
colorful<-aux cop advmod nsubj
talk<-compound:prt dobj
year<-case appos det nmod amod
hear<-xcomp aux nsubj
direction<-cop nsubj det nmod mark
path<-advmod det nmod amod
crash<-aux nsubj nmod advmod mark
inlay<-dep cop amod nsubj
inefficient<-cop nsubj cc advmod nmod aux conj
Majority<-case det compound
dead<-cc cop conj ccomp nsubj
partly<-advmod
planner<-case nmod
messenger<-det
Bertussi<-case cc conj compound
news<-cop amod acl:relcl nmod nsubj
divert<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass
cite<-cc auxpass advmod nmod
estimate<-nmod dobj
die<-advcl nmod nsubj
trade<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
datum<-det nmod amod
recording<-dep cop acl
immune<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
praise<-cc advcl conj dobj nsubj
enterprise<-advmod det
attention<-case amod
400<-cc
surprise<-cop ccomp neg nsubj
grandkid<-det
payment<-dep
ghost<-dep advmod nmod:poss acl
prospect<-det acl
style<-case compound nmod:poss amod
museum<-case det nmod amod
Yorkers<-cc dep conj
sense<-nmod nsubj
low<-dep cop advmod
pay<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
rate<-cc conj amod
reach<-aux advmod nsubj
short<-cop nsubj neg nmod mark aux
name<-dobj mark
recognize<-aux advmod nmod mark
animal<-cop compound
discrimination<-case
become<-xcomp nsubj cc nmod mark aux conj
plant<-cop compound amod det mark
Interpublic<-dep
stagnant<-cc conj
magnify<-dep det compound
bond<-cc acl:relcl det amod
industry<-cc conj det
determine<-aux advcl nmod nsubj
demand<-amod det compound
obfuscate<-dobj mark
emerge<-aux nmod nsubj
decay<-compound
Group<-case appos
beauty<-case appos det
method<-case amod
music<-dep
reaction<-nmod nsubj
write<-dep nsubj
drug<-case advmod det nmod amod
s&ls<-case appos compound
caller<-det nmod amod
approve<-aux nsubj nmod:tmod mark
Pharmaceutical<-case nmod:poss compound
enter<-dobj nmod nsubj
strategy<-acl:relcl compound
weaken<-dep xcomp dobj
KCRA<-nmod
conscious<-advmod
attempt<-cc conj det nmod amod
adapt<-dep cc conj nsubj
test<-nsubj advmod nmod ccomp aux dobj
Union<-cop compound det nsubj
bidder<-det compound
rate<-acl:relcl det compound
Kravis<-case cc conj nmod compound
Sydney<-case appos
capital<-compound nmod amod
ban<-compound det amod
delay<-compound
hear<-parataxis cc conj dobj nsubj
cooperate<-neg nmod mark
see<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
problem<-dep advmod det
tell<-dep xcomp auxpass nsubjpass nmod
consortium<-det
reinforcement<-det compound
woman<-dep amod
wax<-cop nsubj cc neg advmod mark conj
m<-case
lobby<-case nmod
store<-case dep det nmod
topic<-case compound amod
mill<-compound
gripe<-ccomp nsubj
intervene<-nmod mark
Tampa<-dep
scenario<-case amod
enterprise<-case amod
raise<-xcomp dobj nmod nsubj
build<-cc conj nmod
child<-cc conj det nmod amod
business-machine<-cc conj
bar<-case cop nsubj dep nummod det nmod amod cc compound conj
weak<-cop nsubj mark
Tait<-appos compound
incident<-case det nmod det:predet
N.Y.<-compound
clear<-cc cop ccomp nsubj
market<-cop det nmod mark
compliment<-case det
cell<-nmod
steelmaker<-dep
president<-cop nsubj cc nmod compound conj
scrap<-cc conj dobj mark
recorder<-neg compound
magazine<-aux cop det amod nsubj
volume<-dep det
ban<-cc conj
mechanism<-det amod
pick<-nsubj cc neg compound:prt aux conj mark
place<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
rise<-aux nsubj nmod:tmod nmod mark
dose<-amod nmod compound
enjoy<-dep aux dobj
guarantee<-dobj nmod nsubj
founder<-case det nmod
sell<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
have<-xcomp csubj
Korea<-cc conj
talk<-cop advmod nmod amod
drug<-acl:relcl det amod
Searle<-dep
apply<-xcomp nsubj
aftershock<-cop det
beneficial<-cop nmod mark
blame<-advcl dobj mark
await<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
655/8<-dep compound
imagination<-det
damage<-cc cop conj compound
dram<-det amod
depend<-aux advcl nmod neg nsubj
speech<-compound
president<-dep cop conj cc compound
pay<-aux compound:prt nmod neg nsubj
market<-case acl:relcl det amod
negative<-advmod nsubj
climb<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
Concerto<-acl:relcl nmod:poss compound
improve<-dep nsubj ccomp mark
unit<-case nummod det amod
note<-nmod
illustrate<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
feet.another<-ccomp nsubj
Russia<-case advmod
discount<-dep
protection<-case nmod compound
movement<-case nmod
heat<-amod
ease<-advmod dobj nmod mark
again<-case
sell<-cop nsubj ccomp mark aux amod
triumph<-case nmod amod
April<-case appos
state<-aux dobj neg nmod nsubj
company<-nummod appos
censorship<-acl:relcl det amod
trustee<-cop compound det nmod nsubj
average<-case compound det amod
L'Heureux<-compound
retailer<-compound
Hotel<-det compound
wave<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
Inc.<-acl:relcl nmod compound
be<-cc xcomp nsubj
land<-case
ban<-cop nsubj nmod mark
rally<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
fine<-cc conj det
relate<-cop nmod neg
use<-cc conj compound
Appeals<-case
invite<-xcomp auxpass nmod
decide<-xcomp nsubj advcl
agency<-acl det amod
confidence<-dep
confrontation<-case det compound
imaging<-case compound det acl amod
capital<-case nmod:poss
wear<-cc conj nmod dobj
approve<-aux nsubj nmod mark
globe<-case cc conj det
owner<-det compound
higher<-dep advmod
populous<-cc conj advmod
president<-case appos nmod:poss
indict<-dep dobj mark
worth<-cop ccomp nsubj
segregate<-nsubj dobj nmod advmod mark
ordinance<-det
price<-appos compound
warn<-xcomp aux dobj nsubj
Asman<-case compound
vegetable<-case cc conj amod
all<-nmod:npmod
redouble<-dep
Columbia<-cop nmod compound
decline<-case dep advmod nmod
regulator<-det
hurt<-nsubj cc neg advmod dobj aux conj
launch<-nsubj cc advmod nmod:tmod nmod dobj aux
structure<-advcl dobj mark
ooze<-case det
heal<-dobj
pick<-dobj mark
Center<-case cc det nmod compound conj
economy<-case cc det nmod amod conj
forge<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj aux mark
let<-advcl ccomp mark
recognize<-aux nsubj dobj advcl mark
brain<-case cop nmod:poss amod
Inc.<-dep appos nmod:poss
re-examination<-det
bet<-advcl auxpass ccomp nsubjpass mark
devotee<-cc conj dobj
raise<-dobj iobj nmod nsubj
dead<-cc nummod conj
reform<-amod nsubj
inspection<-case cc conj compound
impractical<-cc aux conj cop nsubj
consolidate<-dobj iobj mark
cost<-dep nmod nsubj
much<-cop nsubj advmod ccomp aux mark
process<-cc conj
interpret<-auxpass nmod ccomp
promise<-case det acl
come<-dep advmod nmod dobj
shoot<-advmod mark
Rostenkowski<-compound
engineering<-case cc conj
belle<-advmod
casualty<-det
kind<-cop compound det nmod mark
agent<-det nmod
incur<-aux dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
charge<-case appos det amod
lull<-case det nmod
buy<-advmod nmod dobj
knight<-det amod
enact<-xcomp cop
gilt<-case nmod
inkling<-neg nmod
substitute<-det nmod amod
mainframe<-acl:relcl nmod:poss
produce<-dobj nmod advmod mark
release<-case acl:relcl det nmod amod
premium<-case
comment<-aux neg
need<-case cop nmod amod
director<-nummod nmod
state<-case appos advmod det
amount<-compound det nmod amod
grow<-xcomp aux nmod mark
constitution<-det amod
demographic<-cc conj
meanwhile<-case det
Marcos<-dep compound
overflow<-det
use<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
victim<-compound amod
situation<-case
imply<-advcl nsubj
method<-cop nsubj det nmod amod aux
come<-cc conj compound:prt
unraveling<-det nmod amod
stall<-nsubj advmod nmod compound:prt aux mark
iceberg<-case det amod
insubordination<-case
a<-cc advmod acl:relcl
total<-case advmod nmod:poss
plunge<-dep dobj advmod mark
sterilize<-compound
increase<-nsubj cc mark advcl aux conj
support<-nmod:tmod nmod
certificate<-case compound
Davison<-compound
pummel<-auxpass nmod
individual<-dep neg
good<-case cc conj det amod
fall<-dep amod compound
nevertheless<-nmod
lot<-det acl
run<-nsubj cc advmod dobj conj mark
standard<-nmod:poss
basis<-case amod
carrier<-case amod
increase<-advmod nmod mark
imperative<-cop nsubj
have<-nsubj advmod ccomp
design<-aux nmod dobj
credit<-dep nsubj dobj mark
hinder<-aux nmod dobj
recover<-cc conj advmod nmod:tmod
strong<-cop mark
burn<-nsubj compound:prt mark
have<-cc conj advmod ccomp
6.59<-dep
develop<-advcl nsubj
trader<-case acl
single<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
news<-cop nsubj amod neg advcl
audience<-det amod
savings<-det nmod compound
rule<-cop nummod advmod nmod amod
true<-cop advmod nmod:tmod
fear<-cop nmod
wary<-cop advcl
cast<-xcomp nsubj
Chiriqui<-case
bring<-aux dobj compound:prt nsubj
remove<-ccomp mark
venue<-det amod
Productivity<-nmod
attract<-aux dobj nmod csubj mark
laundering<-case det nmod
yesterday<-cc cop conj nmod nsubj
develop<-dobj nmod nsubj
ignore<-advmod nmod nsubj
attempt<-dep det amod
medicine<-det
Ways<-cc dep conj
biography<-case det amod
synthesize<-dobj nmod mark
map<-det nmod amod
block<-cop advmod det nsubj
story<-case compound det nmod amod
provide<-advmod ccomp nsubj
firm<-det det:predet
get-together<-acl det amod
syllable<-compound
elect<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod dobj
health<-case
discuss<-aux dobj iobj neg nsubj
payable<-cop nmod:tmod nmod
Griesa<-compound
candidacy<-case compound
innoculate<-dobj nmod mark
Hanson<-case appos compound
Powell<-compound
monastery<-case det nmod
town<-case det compound
bid<-xcomp advmod nmod nsubj
cost<-case advmod nmod
post<-det
450<-advmod
Reagan<-case cop xcomp
grow<-nsubj mark
359<-dep compound
correct<-xcomp cop nsubj
value<-case nmod compound
forgiving<-dobj
veto<-compound
bill<-case dep nmod
fist<-nmod:poss amod
complain<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
basket<-case advmod det
)<-dep advmod dobj
accuse<-xcomp auxpass nmod
Renault<-case cc conj
help<-dep dobj mark
blame<-aux dobj neg nsubj
Comptroller<-case det nmod
title<-det nmod amod
coach<-det nmod compound
5.125<-case dep
statement<-case amod
fellow<-det
triple<-case advmod det nmod amod
meeting<-nmod:poss nmod amod
promoter<-det compound
re-establish<-dobj nsubj
under-serviced<-advmod
smuggle<-compound:prt dobj mark
pick<-dobj compound:prt
healthy<-cop nsubj cc advmod mark conj
packet<-nummod nmod
touchy<-cop advmod nmod
bring<-dep parataxis dobj nmod nsubj
Keteyian<-case compound
disarm<-dobj nmod mark
nice<-cop nsubj
marketing<-nmod:poss nmod
clutter<-case
reverse<-advmod dobj
hotel<-case nummod compound
(<-advcl dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
Ladenburg<-case cc conj
machinist<-case compound
tavern<-cc conj det compound
complete<-xcomp nsubj advmod mark
cost<-acl amod
keen<-advmod
gimmick<-cc conj amod compound
public<-dep
veto<-case det nmod
project<-cc conj compound det amod
trial<-case acl:relcl
Brady<-nmod compound
stall<-case
capacity<-case dep advmod det amod compound
fume<-nmod amod
metaphor<-neg amod
low-tax<-dep
Bond<-advmod compound
task<-acl:relcl nmod
subsidy<-case compound amod
call<-case det
restriction<-case nmod:poss
Corry<-case
high<-det nmod amod
chairman<-cop nmod
protein<-amod
law<-dep amod
outsider<-appos det amod
speech<-nmod:poss
take<-compound:prt nmod mark
favor<-aux nsubj dobj advcl
bid<-appos nmod:poss nmod
message<-acl:relcl det
complain<-aux nmod nsubj
River<-det compound
reservation<-case
mean<-parataxis aux dobj neg nsubj
scary<-cop nmod
11<-case dep advmod nmod
Sunday<-case det
word<-cc dep conj
hire<-advmod ccomp nsubj
find<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
category<-neg amod
shout<-auxpass
merge<-neg nmod mark
overlook<-dobj nsubj
add<-advmod dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
vessel<-case det amod
director<-case cc conj compound
investment<-dep nmod
Mayor<-compound
strengthen<-dobj nmod nsubj
another<-case nmod:npmod
leadership<-det nmod compound
write-off<-amod
laptop<-dep det
consistent<-cop nsubj nmod advmod mark
vision<-dep nmod:poss
source<-cop nsubj det nmod amod aux
use<-case nmod amod
resin<-case compound amod
apply<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
collaboration<-case advmod nmod
ship<-acl:relcl
date<-case compound det nmod amod
those<-case dep
deflator<-det
protect<-xcomp aux
lose<-auxpass nmod
march<-xcomp aux nsubj ccomp mark
Suns<-case det
american<-advmod ccomp nsubj
case<-dep nmod compound
practice<-dep amod
hard<-xcomp cop advmod advcl
video<-dep det
financially<-cc ccomp
board<-nmod:poss amod
wisely<-dep nsubj
serve<-aux nsubj nmod ccomp
301/2<-case
footstep<-parataxis det amod
study<-dobj nmod mark
launch<-case det nmod amod
perform<-xcomp advmod nsubj
kill<-cc conj
commercial<-nummod amod
allege<-xcomp cop
aplomb<-case amod
convince<-cop advmod ccomp
different<-cop nmod nsubj
gasoline<-compound
password<-case det amod
stand<-nmod:poss
issue<-acl:relcl nmod
catch<-aux nsubj mark
dealer<-case acl:relcl compound
order<-dobj nmod mark
we<-dep acl:relcl
show<-case cc conj compound
so<-advmod nmod advcl
Azoff<-case compound
eligible<-amod
RICO<-case
low<-case det nmod amod
Unilever<-appos compound
base<-acl:relcl
faithful<-nmod
enforcement<-dep compound amod
possible<-cop nsubj ccomp advcl
anachronism<-cop det
difference<-dep det amod
able<-xcomp aux advmod cop
Communion<-nsubj mark
expect<-xcomp aux neg nmod nsubj
use<-acl amod
dictate<-nsubj cc neg nmod mark aux
modify<-advmod dobj mark
inch<-nummod nmod compound
so<-cc
model<-nummod compound amod
cater<-advcl nmod nsubj
Chicago<-dep nmod
)<-auxpass dobj
Excalibur<-nmod:poss amod
buy-out<-case cc conj nmod:poss amod
Trinova<-case
run<-ccomp mark
unfair<-cc nmod:npmod dep
man<-case neg
wing<-case det nmod
willingness<-case advmod nmod:poss acl
1,368<-dep cop acl nsubj
shut<-advmod compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
heaven<-advcl cop nsubj nmod mark
Justice<-case cc conj
appointee<-det amod
inhospitable<-advmod
shop<-advmod compound
conservative<-advcl
vehicle<-case det nmod
pigment<-case det
house<-case nummod det
Saatchi<-cc case conj
place<-case aux cop nmod nsubj
Whittle<-dep
Northern<-compound
decision<-dep amod
5,500<-advmod
manufacturer<-dep
continued<-nmod amod
critical<-cop nsubj nmod advmod mark
hold<-nmod:tmod dobj
awed<-aux nmod
coverage<-case compound
store<-acl:relcl det
Shields<-compound
tall<-nmod:npmod
mega-crash<-cop det amod acl:relcl expl aux mark
buyer<-nmod amod
powerhouse<-cc conj nmod:poss amod
snowbird<-case cc conj
train<-nsubj advmod ccomp nmod dobj
pop<-dobj nmod nsubj
cycad<-compound
driver<-cc dep
exercise<-nmod nsubj
lend<-nmod dobj
bid<-nsubj dobj nmod compound:prt
serve<-ccomp nmod nsubj
quote<-dobj nsubj
conservative<-cop nsubj advmod mark
Urging<-dobj
news<-cc det nmod
result<-ccomp nsubj
crunch<-dep det compound
persist<-nmod mark
have<-parataxis nsubj dobj advmod advcl
farmer<-dep amod
campaign<-case det amod
easier<-xcomp cop advmod
lawmaker<-case acl
Rich<-cc conj appos compound
top<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
neighborhood<-advmod det amod
game<-dep det
Corp.<-case appos acl:relcl compound
spring<-case det
retaliation<-case nmod
Hispanics<-cc conj
Beretta<-case cc conj det
appeal<-advmod dobj nsubj
accumulation<-det nmod
toughness<-case cc det nmod amod conj
building<-case det nmod amod
Suzuki<-case compound
shout<-case dep compound det amod
Service<-advmod det acl:relcl compound
portion<-case acl:relcl det nmod
save<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
cap<-cc conj dobj
shock<-det nmod amod
imposition<-cop det nmod nsubj
lot<-acl:relcl det nmod
meeting<-case nummod compound
use<-case aux advmod nmod
instruction<-nmod:poss nmod
manipulation<-case det compound
outcome<-det
flunky<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
5.94<-dep
text<-case det
resume<-dep dobj mark
account<-nmod:poss amod
use<-nmod:tmod mark
willing<-xcomp cop nsubj cc advmod mark conj
court<-cc conj
Order<-acl:relcl det compound
need<-case cc conj cc:preconj nmod:poss
do<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
objectionable<-advmod
Boskin<-compound
go<-xcomp nsubj dep nmod cc aux conj
electricity<-amod
postpone<-dobj mark
procedure<-case compound det amod
threaten<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass
day<-case appos det
complete<-advmod dobj nmod mark
executive<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
grow<-xcomp compound:prt nsubj
expectation<-case nmod compound
hint<-parataxis nsubj advmod ccomp advcl
increase<-advcl dobj nmod:tmod mark
farmer<-cc conj det amod
notwithstanding<-compound
pay<-dobj iobj nmod:tmod mark
501,200<-case
circle<-case compound det amod
certainly<-nmod:npmod
requirement<-case det compound
pay<-nsubj cc neg dobj aux conj
fund<-nmod:poss
figure<-dep det compound
lot<-cop cc det nmod mark conj
arrest<-cop
replace<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
session<-case nmod:poss amod
sporadic<-cop nsubj
index<-cc conj
happen<-aux nsubj neg mark
stock<-cc dep conj
share<-acl:relcl amod
predict<-xcomp nsubj mark
3.34<-dep
generate<-advmod nmod nsubj
legislation<-acl
cake<-nmod dobj
minimize<-aux dobj neg nsubj
Standard<-cc case conj det
popular<-xcomp cop advmod
Coke<-case
transplant<-case nummod
surprise<-cc conj
tree<-case
clergyman<-acl:relcl det amod
currency<-case det amod
Motor<-case det compound
puttable<-dep cop dobj nmod nsubj
rule<-nsubj ccomp nmod mark
realism<-det
viewer<-case nmod
Hungary<-case nmod
equity<-case det nmod
facilitate<-ccomp mark
more<-nmod:npmod case dep
trade<-dep det
sell<-cc conj advmod nmod:tmod
Fossett<-case
13/16<-case
manager<-cc conj nmod amod
become<-xcomp dep nsubj
appoint<-cop advmod
normally<-case
sale<-dep acl:relcl det amod
patent<-case
producer<-case compound det amod
carry<-aux advmod advcl nsubj
review<-ccomp
decade<-case dep nummod
Albion<-case
strangle<-nmod
push<-dep compound det amod
wallpaper<-nmod
globalist<-cop advmod det acl:relcl amod
impact<-nmod
Cowan<-appos nmod compound
good<-dep cop advmod nmod
sentiment<-case cop nsubj cc advmod conj
concentrate<-nmod nsubj
development<-cop det amod
something<-case acl:relcl
justification<-det
crusade<-det nmod
disclose<-dobj nmod nsubj
effort<-case amod
claim<-nmod:poss amod
Brizola<-compound det amod
ascend<-cc auxpass advmod nsubjpass conj
teach<-nsubj neg advmod dobj iobj aux
51/4<-dep compound
kylix<-acl:relcl det
million<-acl:relcl nmod
trial<-acl:relcl
event<-case nummod det nmod amod
expansion<-nmod:poss amod
program<-cop nmod neg
people<-nmod compound
claim<-cc conj nsubj mark
resignation<-nmod:poss acl
man<-cop nsubj cc det amod compound conj mark
model<-det nmod compound
achievement<-acl:relcl amod
involve<-dep
do<-aux advmod nmod neg nsubj
stronger<-nmod:npmod aux cop ccomp nsubj
time<-case appos det compound
point<-compound:prt nsubj
1<-case dep
deregulation<-nmod compound
reunification<-case cc det nmod amod conj
create<-case
supply<-case compound
feature<-xcomp dobj nsubj
go<-xcomp aux nsubj dobj mark
dot<-dobj nmod nsubj
reign<-cop nsubj nmod amod mark nmod:poss
constituent<-case det compound
start<-dep advmod nsubj
school<-case nummod det
attacker<-nmod:poss
Americans<-case nummod acl:relcl det
inch<-cc conj advmod compound:prt nsubj
Sydney<-appos
Wendy<-case appos
rate<-case nummod advmod det
Wathen<-compound
amend<-advcl dobj nsubj
cushion<-compound nsubj
request<-case dep
higher<-cop nsubj nmod mark
convenience<-cop advmod det
expect<-xcomp nsubj cc neg nmod aux conj
Huskers<-amod
hammer<-nmod compound:prt
regret<-det acl
Digital<-appos
CBOE<-det nmod
damage<-case compound det nmod amod
lock<-nsubj cc nmod:tmod nmod mark conj
Agriculture<-case
include<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
develop<-ccomp nsubj dobj advmod advcl
dealings<-case compound nmod:poss amod
penalize<-cop nsubj cc neg advcl aux conj
do<-cc conj dobj nmod mark
inventory<-dep cc compound
soar<-aux nsubj
1.49<-dep
care<-acl det amod
dollar<-dep cop det
cause<-dep cop dobj nmod nsubj
become<-parataxis xcomp nsubj advmod advcl aux
lack<-parataxis nsubj dep neg advmod cc conj
deem<-advmod ccomp nsubj
german<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
impeachment<-case det
patriarchy<-case det amod
represent<-nsubj ccomp mark
movie<-case det compound
succeed<-dobj
rent.for<-det compound
match<-dobj mark
Telegraph<-cc conj nmod compound
hold<-det nmod
army<-case det nmod amod
check<-det amod
LTV<-case cc conj
modernize<-dobj mark
tycoon<-appos nmod
president<-case dep det
fate<-nmod:poss
establish<-nsubj advmod ccomp advcl aux mark
one<-cop nmod neg nsubj
steady<-dep nmod
strategist<-cc conj nmod compound
overpower<-dobj mark
call<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
manage<-advmod dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
pace<-acl:relcl det nmod det:predet
130<-advmod
throw<-advcl nmod mark
rational<-xcomp cop nsubj advmod nmod aux
portrayal<-cop det nmod amod
issue<-cop nsubj cc det amod conj
raider<-det
Mason<-appos compound
writer<-cc conj compound
gum<-case amod
explosion<-nmod:poss
will<-advmod nsubj
bestow<-cop nmod nsubj
Realty<-case compound
value<-acl:relcl det
parent<-acl:relcl amod
meal<-ccomp nsubj
75<-case
lawyer<-det nmod
(<-advcl dobj nsubj
see<-aux advcl nsubj
include<-cc advmod dobj nsubj
publisher<-mark
gentry<-case det
vague<-cc conj
objection<-det nmod
Machines<-case compound
bear<-cop nmod nsubj
common<-case nmod:poss
Jolla<-case compound
cant<-amod
Carew<-compound
Phibro<-case
know<-xcomp
spring<-case compound det amod
dismayed<-cc auxpass nsubjpass conj
stock<-dep cop compound nsubj mark
secret<-det acl
criticize<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
activity<-case nmod compound
style<-dep nmod:poss amod
Idrocarburi<-cop appos compound
focus<-cop det nmod amod
banner<-case acl:relcl det
enlist<-dobj nmod mark
198<-dep nmod compound
confiscate<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
neighbor<-case nmod:poss acl
see<-nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
valuable<-advmod nmod nsubj
avaricious<-nsubj ccomp mark
worse<-nsubj
pervert<-cop acl:relcl det mark
brand<-cop appos nmod:poss
capacity<-cc conj
technology<-dep amod
machine<-compound nmod:poss amod
apply<-aux ccomp nmod nsubj
look<-nsubj dobj mark
decision<-cop det amod
458.52<-case
japanese<-cc conj dobj
ride<-dobj mark
chain<-det nmod
represent<-dep nsubj dobj
announce<-nmod
power<-case nmod:poss
dollar<-cc conj
card<-det nmod amod
evidence<-cop ccomp amod
continue<-xcomp nsubj cc nmod aux conj
takeover<-dep amod
fleet<-det nmod amod
speaker<-amod
exclusively<-advmod
monitor<-advcl dobj mark
call<-nsubj advcl mark
share<-case nmod:poss compound
decide<-nsubj cc advmod nmod aux conj
response<-cc amod
withstand<-advmod nsubj
Hutton<-compound
befall<-ccomp nsubj
broadcast<-dobj nmod mark
little<-cop nsubj advmod det amod aux
mostly<-dep
meeting<-case appos det nmod amod
have<-xcomp nmod dobj
regard<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
stable<-aux cop nsubj mark
spend<-advmod dobj nmod mark
part<-case nummod nmod
spend<-advcl
10022/32<-case
answer<-aux dobj nsubj
style<-cop acl:relcl det nmod
effort<-compound
executive<-nummod nmod amod
rotation<-case acl:relcl det
these<-case acl:relcl
eliminate<-aux dobj nsubj
locate<-dobj mark
manage<-nmod
operate<-cop advcl
gentle<-advmod advcl
Tango<-dep cc conj det compound
range<-nmod:poss compound
brouhaha<-case det nmod
account<-compound det nmod amod
set<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass advcl
evolution<-case
bet<-det compound
throw<-nmod nsubj
level<-compound nmod nsubj
defend<-dobj nmod advmod nsubj
recapitalization<-cc conj acl:relcl det
23,000<-advmod
relation<-amod
hostage<-nummod compound
time<-cop nmod amod
Bethlehem<-nsubj advmod nmod ccomp
user<-det amod
agenda<-case aux cop det nsubj
Ozal<-nmod compound
start<-dobj nmod advmod mark
stew<-case det amod
recipe<-amod
amazement<-case
consult<-nmod mark
consultant<-dep amod
undamaged<-advmod
Juilliard<-case compound
continue<-aux advmod advcl nsubj
rate<-case dep det nmod compound
doubt<-nsubj ccomp advcl
conspire<-nsubj
object<-cc aux advmod nmod nsubj
everyone<-compound
producer<-cc acl:relcl det compound
bird<-case cc conj
quality-conscious<-advmod
manager<-dep nmod compound
complete<-aux cop mark
injury<-case cc conj
winner<-case det compound
lower<-cc cop conj ccomp nsubj
nothing<-nmod ccomp
ranger<-nmod
earnings<-dep nmod compound
collapse<-nsubj nmod mark
buy<-compound:prt nmod mark
brace<-nmod
seem<-xcomp parataxis nmod nsubj
swing<-case nmod:poss compound
order<-advcl nmod dobj
pressure<-nmod ccomp
chemistry<-case amod
minimize<-aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod
exclude<-csubj mark
wall<-case det nmod amod
industry<-amod det compound
skid<-aux nmod nsubj
take<-aux dobj advmod nsubj
lobbyist<-neg
prose<-case nmod:poss nmod
commuter<-cop nsubj dep nmod amod aux
location<-nmod:poss nmod
high-handed<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
offer<-aux cop advcl nsubj
nation<-acl:relcl det amod
remember<-aux dobj mark
incident<-case det nmod
slash<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
rebel<-det
logic<-cop advmod det nmod amod
have<-xcomp nsubj cc nmod advcl aux
regulate<-dobj nmod nsubj
use<-xcomp aux dobj nsubj
ability<-det nmod
plenty<-cop advmod nmod acl
firm<-acl:relcl det amod
suit<-cop nmod:poss nmod amod
begin<-nmod dobj
greater<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
citizen<-det nmod amod
revamp<-advmod dobj nsubj
attend<-dobj iobj nsubj
Carboni<-cc conj compound
vax9000<-case det
cafe<-case det nmod
abortion<-compound det nmod amod
reinsurance<-cc conj nmod
happy<-aux cop nsubj nmod mark
year<-aux cop advmod nmod nsubj
resilient<-cop nmod mark
state<-advmod ccomp nsubj
article<-dep det compound
single-b-1<-cc conj nmod
way<-cop nsubj advmod det acl amod
opportunity<-case advmod det nmod amod
do<-advmod ccomp mark
Testa<-case nmod compound
unit<-appos det compound
author<-dep nmod
535<-case advmod
Britain<-case cc conj det
official<-case nummod compound
Krasnoyarsk<-case
installation<-det nmod
agreement<-case nmod:poss nmod
asset<-case det nmod amod
thirty-four<-nummod nmod
Hamilton<-case compound
heavy<-dep ccomp
trudge<-amod det nmod nsubj
clientele<-case cc conj det amod
close<-nmod:npmod dep
important<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
perpetuate<-advmod dobj mark
balloon<-advcl mark
shareholder<-case cc conj det amod
squeeze<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
happy<-xcomp cop nsubj parataxis advmod ccomp
he<-cc conj advmod
place<-advcl nmod dobj
do<-parataxis dobj nmod mark
plan<-nsubj
Thailand<-case
Ph.D.<-auxpass dobj
call<-cop
%<-cop nummod nmod mark
petition<-dep det
smell<-cc conj dobj nsubj
revise<-case det
swing<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
own<-dep advmod nsubj
light<-compound
trigger<-nsubj nmod mark
table<-case nmod:poss amod
Cruelty<-case advmod nmod
like<-xcomp nsubj mark
overflow<-case
available<-aux cop advmod advcl nsubj
offer<-case nmod
terrorism<-cop nmod compound
rule<-cop nmod nsubj
deduction<-nsubj
begin<-xcomp aux advcl nsubj
establishment<-case det amod
cut<-nmod amod
importance<-acl:relcl amod
warning<-case dep amod
grounds<-cc cop advmod nmod
850<-advmod
make<-dep dobj advmod nsubj
would<-nsubj mark
keep<-xcomp nsubj
hospitalization<-case
condominium<-case det amod
available<-nmod compound
January<-dep
demand<-nsubj cc nmod dobj advcl aux
elusive<-nmod
tenth<-advmod det nmod
do<-advmod iobj dobj nsubj
earnings<-cc conj amod
glitterati<-case acl:relcl det
Saint-Saens<-case dep
act<-cc conj nmod mark
expert<-amod det compound
expect<-xcomp aux nsubj advmod advcl
enjoy<-cc conj dobj mark
Shannon<-det
ministry<-det acl
insurance<-compound amod
bruise<-cc conj
that<-case cop nmod
market<-case det nmod det:predet
slow<-cc conj dobj mark
Rice<-case det nmod compound
infighting<-case cc conj nmod
reach<-nsubj nmod:tmod nmod ccomp
shorter<-aux cop nsubj mark
inflation<-det nmod amod
cite<-advmod dobj nsubj
placate<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
assign<-advcl aux advmod nmod dobj
photography<-case det amod
earmark<-dobj
fragment<-dep compound
Ronald<-cc conj
level<-dep nmod
estimate<-cop ccomp
quiet<-advmod nmod
chairman<-case cc conj
carry<-advcl dobj nsubj
failure<-case nmod compound
lender<-case nmod:poss nmod compound
slide<-case det amod
trading<-ccomp
drown<-auxpass nmod
movie<-nummod
product<-dep det amod
working<-xcomp nsubj dobj nmod mark
individual<-advmod nmod
expansion<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
mark<-case cc nummod advmod amod compound conj
mention<-xcomp neg mark
redo<-dobj
News<-case appos compound
compare<-nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
thought<-det amod
gain<-cc dep det nmod
Lufkin<-cc conj compound
gain<-nsubj cc nmod dobj conj mark
change<-case cc conj compound
find<-nmod nsubj
lead<-xcomp parataxis nsubj dep mark aux
tie<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
estimate<-det nmod amod
meaning<-det nmod
charge<-case nmod amod
concern<-dep det
main<-det compound
Alternatives<-case compound
gene-splicing<-dep nsubj
Industriels<-compound nmod:poss amod
version<-compound det amod
content<-case det nmod amod
Divine.Later<-case det compound
future<-nmod:poss nmod
introduce<-aux nsubj dobj advcl
addict<-compound
fill<-aux nsubj nmod mark
file<-nsubj nmod advcl
north<-cop nmod compound
group<-neg compound amod
Friedman<-compound
pretty<-advmod nmod
letter<-case appos det amod
sale<-case acl:relcl
noodle<-case acl:relcl amod
aide<-compound
brunch<-det amod
democratic<-advmod
deliver<-advcl aux dobj nmod nsubj
journalist<-cc conj
judge<-compound det amod
statue<-det
patent<-compound det nmod amod
shortfall<-compound nmod:poss amod
chain<-case nmod:poss compound
megabyte<-nummod
turn<-xcomp cc dep conj
1678.5<-case advmod
live<-dobj nmod nsubj
explain<-advcl nsubj
Bundesbank<-case
economy<-cc conj nmod
yen<-cop nsubj dep nummod mark aux
Rey<-dep compound
strive<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass
15.125<-case dep nmod
Checchi<-case compound
outward-looking<-advmod
cynical<-advmod
vessel<-nummod
fairly<-dep
meet<-nsubj neg nmod ccomp aux mark
like<-xcomp nsubj advmod ccomp
retailer<-acl amod
hurt<-auxpass advmod nmod ccomp
lower<-cop nsubj cc ccomp aux conj
picture<-aux compound cop nsubj
job<-case nummod nmod amod
ask<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
Gloucester<-case cc conj
table<-case
grow<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
1<-case
business<-det nmod compound
local<-cc conj
operation<-acl:relcl det compound
disturbed<-cop advmod ccomp
well-born<-advmod nmod
protect<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
class<-compound nmod:poss nmod amod
build<-dobj nmod compound:prt
growth<-neg amod
previously<-dep
independence<-case det nmod
hit<-auxpass advmod mark
hire<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
slow<-cop advmod nsubj
chalk<-aux dobj compound:prt
3.60<-dep
short<-nmod:npmod
get<-nsubj
cushion<-dobj mark
cause<-dep advmod dobj nmod nsubj
Paris<-case acl:relcl compound
twice<-nmod
carbon<-amod
lending<-compound
seize<-advcl dobj mark
risk<-aux advmod neg nsubj
tool<-cop nsubj det nmod acl aux amod
Americans<-compound
wind<-det
careful<-dep cop parataxis
Crozier<-compound
join<-advcl dobj nsubj
rig<-dep compound:prt dobj nsubj
two-hundredth<-nmod
probability<-dep det
people<-case acl amod
see<-cc aux conj nmod dobj
painting<-case det nmod
reflect<-advcl dobj nsubj
influx<-det nmod
keep<-cc conj dobj nsubj
45<-case
relationship<-xcomp advmod nmod nsubj
investigate<-advcl nmod dobj
pilot<-advmod nmod:poss
do<-nsubj advmod nmod mark
problem<-cop nsubj cc det acl:relcl compound
legislator<-case compound
Coventry<-case
wound<-compound:prt ccomp nsubj
come<-advcl compound:prt
investor<-case dep compound
inflate<-cc conj det nmod compound
declare<-nsubj ccomp
Poland<-case appos
Ahmad<-compound
amendment<-acl:relcl det
appearance<-case
late<-cop advmod
key<-cop nsubj mark
react<-nsubj neg advmod nmod ccomp aux
problem<-cc cop det nsubj
one<-cop det nmod compound
profile<-case nummod det nmod compound
characteristic<-cop nmod neg nsubj
Cheerios<-compound
allow<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
can<-compound
India<-case cc conj
involve<-advcl nsubj
part<-cop nummod advmod nmod
pay<-aux iobj dobj
black<-appos amod
question<-case nmod amod
uh<-case cc conj
seize<-dobj nsubj
before<-dep
key<-dep advmod ccomp
target<-cop nsubj cc advmod nmod conj
generate<-dep aux dobj
price<-dep det
Terminal<-case cc conj compound
plunge<-dobj mark
product<-case cc conj det compound
put<-advcl
pioneer<-nmod:poss
sell<-cc conj nmod dobj
rights<-cc conj compound amod
stupid<-acl:relcl
fail<-xcomp nsubj dep mark cc aux conj
eyebrow<-cop nmod compound
japanese<-nsubj advmod dobj
know<-xcomp aux nsubj
corporation<-det amod
willing<-xcomp nsubj
creature<-cop det nmod
reader<-dep
authoritarian<-dep
purist<-det
and<-amod
south<-advmod nmod
hit<-dep nsubj dobj nmod:tmod mark
lucrative<-cop advmod nmod
emerge<-nsubj advmod nmod mark
spree<-compound det amod
office<-acl:relcl det
galaxy<-det nmod amod
process<-case amod
market<-nmod:tmod mark
period<-det nmod compound
U.S.<-dep compound
vulnerability<-det nmod
regulator<-case amod compound
manipulate<-xcomp nmod nsubj
reach<-aux nsubj dobj nmod:tmod advcl
investor<-case compound amod
tie<-compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
27,500<-advmod
escape<-advmod dobj nsubj
outfield<-appos det
peg<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
Nabisco<-cc conj compound
Bockris<-compound
ba3<-case
tenant<-cc conj
wary<-nmod
court<-det amod
timorous<-advcl aux cop advmod nsubj
13-week<-cc conj
price<-case advmod compound
arm<-cop acl det amod
erupt<-advcl nsubj dobj mark
flash<-nmod mark
42.75<-case dep advmod nmod
Milunovich<-nmod compound
quit<-advmod nsubj
carry<-cc conj dobj csubj mark
shock<-case neg
office<-dep acl:relcl
loser<-dep cop amod nmod nsubj
demonstration<-dep
58<-case dep acl:relcl det
vehicle<-amod
Gray<-compound
Falcon<-advmod dobj compound:prt nsubj
purchase<-advmod nmod nsubj
endorse<-nsubj nmod advcl
way<-cop nsubj neg det amod mark acl
Blaine<-case compound
quarter<-compound det amod
go<-cc xcomp nmod nsubj
exclusively<-advmod advcl
matter<-neg ccomp
begin<-dep nmod:tmod nsubj
surface<-ccomp nmod nsubj
report<-cc conj dobj
tanker<-case det compound
discuss<-cc conj dobj
businessman<-case acl:relcl amod
suspend<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
policy<-case acl:relcl amod
highway<-case dep conj cc amod
show<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
skill<-nmod:poss
impose<-advmod nmod dobj
asset<-case nmod:poss amod
disarm<-cc conj dobj mark
cachet<-compound det amod
switch<-cc conj dobj nmod mark
Lipps<-appos compound
stretch<-ccomp
one.Eight<-ccomp nsubj
sheet<-cop compound amod
satellite<-det acl
empire<-acl:relcl
Afrikanerdom<-case
opinion<-amod
addition<-case acl:relcl
executive<-case det nmod amod
10<-det nmod amod
Washington<-dep nmod
pay<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
Athletics<-det compound
eye<-aux advmod dobj
tack<-case compound det amod
note<-xcomp dobj nsubj
continue<-xcomp cc conj nmod nsubj
impossible<-cop nsubj cc advmod nmod conj
love<-xcomp advmod nsubj
ticket<-det amod
glamorous<-cc dep conj
Richard<-cc conj
obligation<-compound amod
important<-cop nsubj dep advmod cc conj
loss<-case dep nmod
unprofessional<-advmod
trade<-nummod det nmod compound
$<-cop nummod appos nsubj
content<-case
export<-dep cc conj advmod nmod
incentive<-compound
activity<-case nmod:poss compound
ceiling<-compound nmod:poss amod
appease<-dobj mark
Aeronautics<-cc conj det nmod compound
protest<-nummod
(<-case cc conj amod
accelerate<-dobj
difficult<-dep advmod
need<-dep neg parataxis nsubj
Covert<-appos compound
lose<-ccomp nmod nsubj
guess<-dep mark
cyclist<-case acl:relcl det
allegation<-amod
loading<-compound
rent-a-colonel<-det nmod acl
strategy<-compound amod nmod nsubj
Plan<-nummod det compound
think<-aux advmod neg mark
miss<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
tape<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
one<-cop advmod acl:relcl nmod
expectation<-nmod:poss nmod
Safra<-case compound
bellwether<-amod
ideology<-cc conj nmod:poss amod
sedan<-case compound det amod
unload<-dobj nmod mark
employee<-nummod nmod:poss
come<-advmod nmod:tmod csubj mark
plan<-case acl:relcl det compound
accelerate<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
emergency<-det amod
release<-cop
buyer<-case nmod
Paris<-case amod
delay<-dobj mark
expect<-cc neg advmod dobj aux conj
Jackson<-compound
pray<-case det nmod compound
Force<-acl:relcl nmod compound
cut<-nmod:poss compound
reach<-nsubj ccomp dobj
discussion<-neg
trait<-det amod
vacuum<-cop det nmod amod
split<-dobj nmod nsubj
lower<-det
due<-cop nsubj dep nmod:tmod mark cc conj
evidence<-det det:predet
enhance<-aux nsubj nmod advmod mark
protest<-xcomp mark
categorize<-cop cc advmod nmod mark advcl conj
take<-aux nsubj compound:prt nmod mark
laptop<-case compound det amod
Oman<-case
steelmaker<-case det amod
print<-case advmod
breather<-det nmod
nickname<-case acl
bring<-dep nmod dobj
brokerage<-dep amod
belief<-case dep amod
insurer<-case nmod
fund<-amod det compound
euphoria<-nmod compound
it<-acl:relcl
campaign<-dep det compound
lift<-compound:prt dobj mark
shift<-xcomp advmod
U.<-case nmod compound
west<-nmod
Balladur<-dep appos acl compound
Program<-case dep det
mindless<-cop advmod
basis<-case nmod amod
win<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
Plan<-case cc conj det compound
talent<-case acl det amod
man<-amod det nmod compound
erase<-cop nmod
approve<-ccomp advmod dobj nsubj
executive<-nmod compound
Imasco<-case
Gemina<-acl:relcl
Motors<-nmod compound
permit<-advcl dobj mark
investor<-dep cc conj
department<-case acl:relcl
Simmons<-appos compound
yen<-case cop nummod
those<-cc cop conj advmod acl:relcl
bite<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
language<-case det nmod
injection<-nummod det compound
courage<-case nmod
preoccupy<-cop nmod nsubj
hide<-nmod nsubj
amount<-dep det nmod
strength<-case nmod amod
a<-amod
occupation<-det nmod amod
list<-cc conj amod
spend<-dep advmod dobj
Africa<-cc conj det compound
take<-nsubj advmod ccomp mark aux dobj
egg<-case det
convenient<-advmod
run<-advmod nsubj
soften<-advmod mark
alchemist<-amod
$<-cop nummod advcl
whites<-acl:relcl det amod
Dynamics<-case compound amod
normalize<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
Afrikaners<-acl:relcl det amod
set<-xcomp nsubj
54.50<-case dep advmod
passage<-det nmod amod
country<-case nummod
think<-aux nsubj ccomp mark
management<-case det amod
thing<-cop advmod det acl:relcl
cost<-case neg
lose<-cc conj nsubj dobj mark
touch<-advcl compound:prt
inform<-acl:relcl det nmod compound
anyone<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
margin<-cc conj nmod compound
create<-xcomp nsubj mark
build<-advmod dobj nmod mark
earlier<-dep advcl
market<-cop compound det amod
deliver<-advcl dobj nmod mark
vacate<-dobj advmod mark
control<-case cop nsubj compound:prt mark
miss<-nmod
fill<-nmod compound
musician<-cc conj compound
Aspin<-compound
reverse<-dep dobj
stay<-advmod ccomp nmod mark
avoid<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
stabilize<-advmod nsubj
Canaveral<-case appos compound
technology<-det
item<-det
gentlelady<-cc conj det
track<-dobj mark
guarantee<-dobj iobj nsubj
reassign<-aux dobj nsubj
holdover<-compound
group<-dep neg compound
some<-case
force<-dobj nsubj
woman<-acl:relcl amod
work<-dobj nsubj advmod nmod compound:prt aux mark
city<-case dep advmod det
time<-cop det amod
woo<-advmod dobj nmod mark
95.75<-case
Daly<-cc conj appos compound
tunnel<-case det
overturn<-dep dobj
flee<-aux nsubj nmod advmod advcl
fundamental<-cc cop conj nsubj mark
space<-det amod
set<-advcl auxpass dobj nsubjpass mark
portico<-det nmod amod
change<-aux nsubj dobj mark
particular<-dep
Park<-det compound
branch<-amod
fall<-case nummod
plow<-ccomp
curtail<-dobj mark
office<-case det nmod compound
remain<-cc xcomp advcl nmod nsubj
tabloid<-case det
share<-dep nmod
Bremen<-case nmod compound
instrument<-det nmod
seek<-dep neg nmod compound:prt aux dobj
205/8<-dep nmod compound
peaked<-aux advmod nsubj
stake<-compound nmod amod
balance<-det compound
48<-dep compound
CIA<-case det
suit<-dep nmod
see<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
use<-advcl aux cop nmod nsubj
ESB<-nmod
day<-dep nmod
sell<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj conj
revision<-cop advmod det nmod amod
earnings<-acl:relcl nmod
pad<-case det compound
finding<-det nmod
buy-out<-case amod det compound
hold<-advcl nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
win<-ccomp
STOCK<-nmod:poss
movie<-cc det ccomp
Sann<-case cc conj compound
%<-dep cop nummod
weapon<-compound
farmer<-case det amod
state<-case dep det nmod
preserve<-aux dobj nsubj
itself<-case cc conj
last<-nsubj dobj mark
suggest<-csubj ccomp
have<-nsubj neg advmod dobj advcl aux
catheter<-det
misunderstanding<-cc conj acl:relcl det
loud<-parataxis cop nsubj
meet<-nsubj cc neg dobj aux conj
limit<-dep nmod dobj
Motors<-case cc conj compound
estate<-case acl:relcl amod
France<-case cc conj compound
send<-dep nsubj
order<-cop det compound
issue<-cop advmod nsubj
reach<-advmod nsubj dobj nmod mark
disaster<-dep nummod det amod
sponsorship<-nmod:poss nmod
operation<-nmod:poss nmod compound
bid<-case advmod
minute<-det amod
statement<-dep cop det
go<-aux advcl nmod nsubj
tradition<-case dep nmod:poss
reassert<-dobj
speak<-advmod nsubj
provide<-aux nsubj dobj nmod advcl
acre<-nummod nmod amod
bill<-ccomp nmod nsubj
thermometer<-amod
appear<-dep xcomp nsubj
wages<-amod
tool<-compound amod
operate<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
ruin<-aux nsubj dobj mark
jetliner<-compound
cost<-case nummod advmod det
excess<-case advmod nmod
worry<-cc cop neg nsubj
visit<-dep dobj
recommend<-cc advcl
report<-case appos det
seek<-xcomp aux nsubj advcl
profitable<-dep cop conj advmod cc
new-generation<-case det
public<-advmod
129<-case
employer<-cc conj
brain<-case
plan<-case nmod:poss amod
Angeles<-case dep compound
Sundarji<-case acl:relcl compound
regulator<-compound nmod:poss amod
insure<-dobj
flood<-dep compound amod
factory<-case acl det amod
photo<-det nmod amod
ordeal<-case det nmod
gravity<-nmod:poss
button<-det compound
official<-case det compound
come<-nsubj
govern<-advcl dobj nsubj
go<-advmod dobj
entertainment<-dep amod nmod nsubj
traditionally<-case
worth<-det amod
bow<-nsubj nmod advcl
Valley<-det compound
subsidiary<-case det amod
foe<-advmod nmod compound
dismiss<-nsubj dobj advcl
hurt<-auxpass advcl
damage<-dep det amod
tone<-case nmod
crash<-dep case compound det amod
dangle<-cop nmod
Foster<-dep compound
eager<-xcomp cop advcl nsubj
sidewalk<-det compound
cancer<-case nmod compound
depend<-ccomp nsubj
Peter<-case
ask<-xcomp aux nsubj
limit<-cop aux nsubj advmod mark
788<-case cop nsubj cc advmod ccomp conj
conviction<-case dep advmod amod
add<-aux advmod dobj advcl nsubj
view<-acl:relcl det
trust<-xcomp mark
think<-advcl dobj nsubj
bid<-dep det amod
place<-advmod det amod
gossip<-case cc conj
control<-case cc conj compound
chairman<-dep cop compound nsubj
lose<-aux dobj ccomp nmod nsubj
as<-case
flee<-advcl nmod dobj
hand<-nmod compound
disclose<-ccomp
Flom<-nmod compound
enthusiastic<-cop nsubj
notify<-auxpass nsubjpass mark
Keenan<-compound amod
colonialist<-dep acl:relcl det compound
state<-acl:relcl det amod
business<-cop nmod compound
exceed<-advcl dobj
unveil<-advcl dobj mark
Gradmann<-case cc conj acl:relcl
Capital<-case cc conj compound
make<-dep mark
unit<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss compound
learn<-ccomp
expect<-advcl nmod nsubj
God<-dep nmod:poss
track<-xcomp nsubj
sustain<-aux dobj neg
character<-nmod:poss
cast<-nmod dobj
exceed<-nsubj ccomp mark
18.95<-dep acl
86.50<-case dep
tell<-aux ccomp nsubj
life<-amod compound
message<-case det
pocket<-det amod
make<-advcl ccomp nsubj
year<-cop nsubj amod mark
decision<-cop det nmod amod
(<-advcl nsubj dobj nmod mark
bond<-cc compound amod
coin<-case acl:relcl det amod
Jean<-compound
selling<-case compound acl:relcl amod
money<-cop advmod nmod amod
community<-compound det nmod amod
cell<-case dep nmod
look<-compound nmod nsubj
push<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj
rise<-xcomp nmod:tmod mark
executive<-cop det amod
intimacy<-case
resilient<-cop advmod advcl
Garratt<-dep compound
record<-case cop ccomp nsubj
query<-case det
shed<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
N.V.<-case nmod compound
carrot<-det acl
oppose<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
branch<-case nummod
meeting<-acl:relcl
hurt<-nsubj cc dobj aux conj mark
Cubs<-case det
caller<-case det
gain<-xcomp aux nsubj advcl
Britain<-case appos compound
ok<-auxpass
take<-advmod nmod nsubj
biker<-case
settle<-nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
poll<-cc conj nmod mark
negotiate<-auxpass
game<-case dep appos
right<-xcomp cop nmod nsubj
banker<-nmod:poss amod
lock<-nmod mark
guard<-case appos nmod:poss amod
citizen<-amod
entirety<-advcl nsubj mark
formulum<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
rights<-case cc conj nmod compound
bring<-nsubj compound:prt nmod mark
pursuit<-nmod:poss nmod
thing<-dep compound amod
block<-nmod amod
tell<-xcomp advmod
lose<-aux dobj advcl mark
underwriter<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
company<-nmod compound
Sanford<-dep compound
issue<-cop nsubj appos advmod nmod mark
benefit<-aux nmod neg nsubj
eat<-aux compound:prt nmod mark
send<-dobj iobj nmod mark
sector<-dep amod
wire<-case compound amod
mean<-dobj ccomp nsubj
5,760<-dep acl:relcl det
lose<-nsubj dep nmod dobj cc conj
amount<-cop advmod det nmod amod
mascara<-case
executive<-case compound det amod
future<-case dep det compound
point<-case cc nummod conj
criminal<-parataxis cop nsubj cc advmod det amod conj
issue<-case advmod det compound
classification<-compound
99.85<-case
shoot<-dobj
introduce<-nsubj neg nmod dobj advcl aux
force<-xcomp aux dobj
up.it<-xcomp nsubj
95.22<-case advmod
stuff<-det compound
lobby<-xcomp aux nsubj
miscalculation<-nmod:poss
reverse<-advcl ccomp advmod dobj nsubj
comparison<-case nmod
buy<-cc conj nsubj dobj mark
discrimination<-case nmod compound
transportation<-case cc conj cc:preconj
tender<-cop nsubj det nmod compound
lawyer<-case det compound
enable<-ccomp
standard<-case dep acl:relcl det compound
camp<-cc nmod amod compound conj nmod:poss
decline<-dep dobj nsubj
irony<-det nmod
sea<-case det nmod amod
Laboratories<-compound
bank<-appos compound amod
benefit<-case det
determine<-dobj
give<-nsubj nmod mark
eye<-det amod
restrain<-dobj mark
beset<-aux dobj nsubj
provoke<-nmod dobj
Monsky<-compound
go<-cc dep conj nsubj advcl
house<-case nummod acl:relcl det
inclined<-xcomp cop nsubj advmod mark aux
commission<-nmod compound
cut<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
mire<-case det
russian<-case
pier<-det nmod amod
yield<-case compound amod
stake<-case dep nmod
face<-case nmod:poss
hall<-compound
record<-aux cop nmod nsubj
quit<-advmod dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
recover<-xcomp advmod nsubj
worth<-dep nmod nsubj
ship<-det nmod
year<-amod compound
lawmaker<-advmod
know-how<-acl det amod
observe<-advmod
Zeidner<-acl:relcl compound
caution<-case det nmod amod
protest<-dobj mark
discover<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
matter<-cop det nmod nsubj
accuse<-cop ccomp advcl
dispute<-dobj nsubj
isthmus<-case det
Grenier<-dep compound
enter<-case cc conj dobj
reshape<-dobj nmod mark
cheap<-nmod
war<-case nmod:poss amod
note<-aux cop ccomp nsubj
result<-cc cop conj det nmod
offer<-case dep nmod:poss
seek<-dep advcl dobj mark
report<-case dep
1.25<-case cop dep mark
Boys<-case dep det compound
name<-det nmod amod
violate<-xcomp nsubj
index<-nummod acl:relcl det compound
bet<-case det
train<-compound
resistance<-amod
Neiman-Marcus<-case cc conj
shrinkage<-case nmod
apple<-case det
fill<-dobj
reason<-cop dep det amod acl:relcl advcl
foot<-ccomp nmod nsubj
letter<-advmod det nmod det:predet
toad<-case det
2680<-case
place<-case nmod amod
be<-xcomp cc conj nmod expl
renewal<-det nmod
resale<-case cc conj det nmod
say<-nsubj advcl
hold<-xcomp compound:prt nsubj
trafficker<-compound
kill<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
gear<-case compound amod
fusing<-case det nmod
move<-case compound amod
repeat<-dobj nsubj
trouble<-cc acl:relcl det
company<-nmod nsubj
induce<-dobj mark
desk<-det amod
cave-in<-dep nmod:poss
contractor<-cop nsubj cc cc:preconj det nmod amod conj
race<-case dep advmod det amod compound nmod:poss
protest<-case dep
invest<-ccomp nmod mark
delegation<-nmod:poss amod
factor<-case dep det compound
discard<-dobj nmod mark
company<-det det:predet
Bank<-det nmod compound
copy<-case cc nummod nmod amod conj
call<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
easy<-cop advmod neg nsubj
allow<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
run<-nmod:tmod
mind<-amod
operate<-advmod dobj
fence<-case cop advmod det nsubj
commodity<-case nummod acl:relcl
desk<-det nmod amod
do<-advmod nmod nsubj
pump<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
carry<-aux nsubj dobj mark
upset<-auxpass nsubjpass ccomp
region<-acl:relcl det
do<-case dobj nmod nsubj
reach<-nmod:poss
lineup.but<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss amod
understand<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
Calverley<-appos nmod compound
prove<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
day<-case compound
play<-case compound det nmod amod
access<-acl
ride<-nmod mark
way<-cop nsubj neg advmod det nmod amod aux
swing<-advcl advmod nsubj
Brothers<-acl compound
accelerate<-nmod nsubj
Bank<-case nmod amod
perhaps<-dep
popular<-cc conj
telephone<-case nmod
higher<-cop advmod nmod
analysis<-case compound
protest<-case nummod compound nmod amod
train<-advmod ccomp
wear<-advcl dobj mark
likely<-xcomp cop nsubj dep advmod cc conj
buy-out<-acl:relcl amod
guarantee<-nmod
Paso<-compound
snag<-det
firm<-amod det acl:relcl compound
worth<-nmod:poss
talk<-det
bank<-cop nsubj cc amod conj nmod:poss
regulate<-aux advmod neg nsubj
report<-compound det amod
address<-cop advmod mark
address<-nmod
regime<-det nmod amod
bond<-parataxis cop compound amod nsubj
Rogers<-amod compound
engage<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
manufacturing<-compound det amod
well<-det
market<-dep det amod
own<-dep advmod nmod
investments?Have<-acl:relcl det
match<-dep det compound
chase<-nsubj advmod mark
reduce<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
Soviets<-advmod det
suspend<-aux advcl nsubj
devastate<-cc dobj nsubj
frame<-case amod
taxpayer<-nummod det amod
agenda<-case det amod
municipal<-case
shake<-dep aux dobj nsubj
word<-case det
make<-cc compound:prt nmod nsubj
owner<-appos amod
read<-auxpass
elevator<-case
economist<-cc conj acl compound
intervention<-det
reason<-cop nummod advmod acl:relcl nsubj
perform<-auxpass nmod
attempt<-case compound amod
dilution<-case
trigger<-case nmod compound
shipment<-case compound
problem<-neg
spawn<-nmod nsubj
apparition<-cc conj dobj
area<-nummod acl det nmod amod
biochemist<-dep compound det amod
surge<-case cc conj nmod compound
ambition<-xcomp
able<-xcomp cop nsubj cc advmod nmod aux conj
Institute<-nmod compound
outfly<-aux dobj nsubj
peak<-case nummod det nmod compound
chunk<-det nmod
park<-case nmod amod
renter<-case nmod:poss
bill<-xcomp
stroke<-case compound det nmod amod
exile<-case det amod
chamber<-det nmod
transcript<-case det
bid<-advcl nsubj
rise<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj
woman<-case nmod:poss
achieve<-nmod:tmod
instance<-case acl:relcl
future<-case acl:relcl
flow<-dep compound
report<-compound:prt mark
finish<-dobj
price<-case dep compound
report<-xcomp nsubj mark
striking<-cc advmod ccomp
bring<-ccomp nmod mark
commercial<-case cc conj advmod
sell<-nmod ccomp
these<-acl:relcl nmod
broker<-case cc conj det nmod
name<-dep cc conj cc:preconj
increase<-advcl nmod dobj
tree<-appos
century<-case dep det amod
Tuesday<-dep appos
need<-xcomp advmod nmod nsubj
democratic<-acl:relcl
equity<-case appos
product<-cop amod det nmod nsubj
6.90<-dep
yesterday<-case det nmod compound
man<-case cc conj cc:preconj
this<-case cc conj
clutch<-dep dobj nsubj
Metropolitan<-case nmod compound
activity<-nmod:poss
strategy<-cop advmod acl amod
join<-nmod compound:prt
178.8<-case cc conj cc:preconj appos
rebel<-case compound
mouse<-nmod
express<-dobj ccomp nmod nsubj
narrowing<-case det nmod
seem<-xcomp advmod csubj
advise<-aux dobj
visitor<-case appos amod
available<-cop advmod nmod dobj
bill<-case nummod
paean<-nmod compound
train<-xcomp advmod nsubj
fault<-case cc conj nmod
patch<-case det nmod amod
wingbeat<-case nmod:poss amod
trade<-aux cop nmod nsubj
capitalism<-case nummod
fear<-nsubj dobj mark
alliance<-det nmod amod
tipper<-dep
provide<-cc conj nmod dobj
pound<-dep cop nummod nsubj
community<-case nmod:poss amod
piggyback<-nmod ccomp
Court<-case acl det compound
reporter<-cc conj
confession<-case dep nmod
disappointment<-nsubj nmod advcl
duration<-case nmod:poss amod
similarity<-case det nmod amod
Woodward<-case compound
globe<-case det
do<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
be<-dep cop
prostitution<-case
beware<-aux advcl nsubj
fundamentalist<-case acl:relcl det
overcapacity<-ccomp mark
Rohm<-cc conj
lend<-xcomp aux dobj neg nsubj
rank<-nmod nsubj
warranty<-case nmod:poss
mark<-advcl nsubj
get<-advcl advmod dobj mark
Engelken<-cc dep conj compound
confusion<-case compound
fund<-advmod det nmod
hold<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod mark
save<-cc conj dobj mark
Nahas<-compound
cent<-compound
philippine<-advmod
action<-det nmod compound
settlement<-nmod compound
pay<-dep aux dobj nmod nsubj
battle<-dep nmod:poss nmod
urge<-cc aux conj ccomp nsubj
man<-cc conj mark
mark<-case cc nummod conj nmod:tmod
50,400<-case dep nmod
cancel<-aux nsubj advmod dobj
line<-case nmod:poss amod
name<-case acl:relcl det
move<-cop amod det nmod nsubj
funnel<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
earnings<-nummod compound amod
12,000<-advmod
McFall<-nmod compound
continue<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
expire<-xcomp nsubj mark
1,500<-case dep
attribute<-aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod
end<-ccomp nmod:tmod nsubj
390-million<-compound
manually.to<-det compound
acquire<-nsubj
Laurel<-dep
maintain<-cc conj dobj
cut<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
impact<-neg nmod amod
disappoint<-auxpass advmod nmod
wall<-advmod iobj nmod dobj nsubj
stupid<-nsubj
discredit<-advmod
Saab<-cc conj
tie<-dep nummod compound
become<-xcomp nsubj nmod:tmod mark
squeeze<-aux dobj neg nsubj
kid<-case det amod
most<-cc nmod
referendum<-cc conj acl:relcl amod
conclude<-dep aux dobj advcl nsubj
fool<-det
JSP<-case det
brave<-dobj mark
Grobstein<-case compound
amount<-case dep det nmod amod
banal<-advmod
live<-cc conj advcl nsubj
datum<-case nmod:poss compound
port<-cc nummod conj
emergency<-case nmod:poss amod
Katz<-compound amod
taxation<-case nmod amod
company<-dep parataxis det
regain<-dobj mark
business<-acl:relcl nmod amod
trader<-dep amod
sale<-case appos nmod amod
carry<-advcl nmod dobj
fork<-neg nmod compound:prt auxpass nsubjpass aux mark
increase<-advmod nmod nsubj
Senate<-case det nmod amod
condemn<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
woman<-advmod det
share<-cc conj nmod dobj
risk<-case acl:relcl
115/8<-dep nmod compound
think<-aux ccomp neg nmod nsubj
impossible<-cop
prop<-case cc conj dobj compound:prt
House<-det nmod compound
preserve<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
planner<-det amod
Eritreans<-case acl:relcl det
20.125<-case dep conj cc
description<-nmod:poss nmod amod
Mosbacher<-compound
study<-advmod dobj
vast<-cop advmod nmod ccomp
resident<-advcl dobj compound
abandon<-cc conj dobj mark
expense<-cop advmod det nmod amod
ratio<-case acl:relcl det nmod
kind<-case acl:relcl det
bra<-compound det acl:relcl amod
partner<-case nmod:poss amod
blow<-cop nmod mark
blame<-case det
France<-case appos
get<-dep mark compound:prt dobj nsubj
boulevard<-case det nmod
trace<-cop nmod
budget<-case nmod:poss
greening<-det nmod
executive<-case appos nmod amod
fluke<-cop det
match<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
revival<-case
at<-cop advmod nsubj
Clinton<-nmod compound
exceed<-dep nsubj
interest<-amod compound
target<-amod det nmod nsubj
jump<-nsubj nmod mark
town<-dep cc det
spell<-det compound
sink<-det compound
pick<-case compound amod
order<-case amod det nmod compound
reason<-case nmod
about<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
listen<-advmod mark
easy<-cop nmod mark
steel<-cc conj nmod compound
Oaks<-case appos compound
appeal<-advmod nmod nsubj
procurement<-case det nmod
appreciate<-advmod dobj mark
affect<-auxpass nmod:tmod nmod
howl<-det nmod
egyptian<-ccomp mark
mound<-case det
success<-case det nmod
employment<-case amod
associate<-advmod nmod nsubj
drink<-nsubj advmod mark
year<-case advmod amod
$<-aux nummod cop nsubj
all<-cc cop conj acl:relcl
Electronic<-case compound
array<-det nmod amod
car<-dep nummod
Beach<-case det compound
give<-ccomp nsubj dobj mark
partly<-nmod
make<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj mark
user<-nummod det nmod
fraction<-case det acl
mount<-nmod nsubj
11121/32<-dep compound
end<-case compound det nmod amod
exercise<-dobj mark
Alan<-case compound
politics<-case cc conj
talk<-xcomp advmod ccomp nsubj
lie<-advmod nsubj
group<-dep compound det amod
read<-aux nsubj dobj nmod advcl
pick<-advcl nsubj compound:prt ccomp
live<-cc advmod nsubj
include<-advcl nsubj
Roberti<-case compound
shake<-det amod
leadership<-case acl:relcl det
euphoria<-case
Containers<-acl:relcl compound
reason<-nummod amod
audience<-nsubj
pipe<-cc conj compound
U.S.<-case cc conj cc:preconj det
request<-nmod nsubj
gamble<-nmod mark
pickup<-case det amod
security<-cop advmod amod
creditor<-cc conj
plant<-dep parataxis det
Haven<-case appos compound
programming<-case cc conj amod
deposit<-dep amod
monastery<-case det nmod amod
statement<-nsubj
bacterium<-case advmod det compound
save<-aux dobj nsubj
learn<-advcl nsubj mark
technique<-det
apply<-xcomp
550,000<-dep cop acl nsubj
aid<-case cc conj nmod amod
Chao<-compound
plan<-acl:relcl det nmod compound
Germans<-advmod det
sector<-case compound det amod
hitter<-cc nmod:poss compound
hour<-case nummod appos
market<-nummod acl:relcl det compound
frolic<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
relaxation<-case
test<-cop amod det nsubj
improvement<-case det
relief<-amod
Burns<-case appos compound
transitory<-advmod compound
ask<-nmod nsubj
Amex<-dep neg
payment<-case det compound
Eisenberg<-amod compound
career<-amod
Whitford<-case dep compound
striker<-case
buy<-aux compound:prt advmod nsubj
pursue<-aux dobj nsubj
serve<-advmod nmod
high<-cop advmod nmod
Dang<-dep compound
concerned<-nmod:npmod
growth<-dep det nmod
creation<-nmod
mapping<-case compound
expect<-xcomp mark
all<-case acl
people<-dep det
say<-dep nsubj dobj
abandon<-cc conj nmod dobj
Californians<-case acl:relcl det
happen<-advmod dobj
rights<-acl:relcl
incur<-nmod nsubj
pressure<-case cop xcomp
optimism<-cc conj compound
style<-advmod nmod:poss nmod
sand<-case det
regret<-aux dobj advmod nsubj
anchor<-amod dobj
schoolmate<-xcomp nsubj
people<-cop acl:relcl
earner<-case det compound
take<-cc conj dobj nmod mark
match<-advmod nmod
rubber-stamp<-aux dobj neg nsubj
march<-nsubj dep compound:prt mark advcl dobj
gloves.experienced<-advmod ccomp nsubj
inroad<-advmod det amod
holding<-case compound
pleasantry<-case det amod
put<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod dobj
overcapacity<-case amod
negotiate<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass
370.20<-case dep
work<-compound nmod nsubj
hover<-cop nmod
subminimum<-det compound
Cowboys<-det compound
Keating<-dep compound
determine<-cc conj dobj mark
explore<-aux nmod dobj
open<-case compound det amod
better<-dep cop
diagram<-dobj
growth<-dep compound
describe<-advcl nsubj dobj
alternative<-det nmod
coordination<-cop amod nmod mark
law<-nsubj
message<-parataxis cop det nmod mark acl:relcl
Congress<-det nmod
change<-dep acl compound
interpret<-dep dobj
estate<-case compound amod
middleman<-det compound
copyright<-det nmod
schedule<-det nmod amod
force<-cop det nmod compound
talk<-cop nmod advcl
concentrate<-dobj
minister<-amod
life<-nmod nsubj
experiment<-case nmod
introduce<-advcl dobj
economy<-case appos det compound
secure<-ccomp advmod dobj nmod nsubj
turn<-case amod
neglect<-case amod
pupil<-case det
lotion<-compound
rise<-dep det
grow<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
reinforce<-advmod dobj
wise<-cc cop conj nsubj
enhance<-case det compound
room<-compound amod
firm<-nummod compound
surprised<-auxpass nsubjpass ccomp
expectation<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss
beer<-det nmod
spread<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod compound:prt
low<-det
compliment<-nsubj advmod dobj nmod advcl
defeat<-cop nmod
do<-cc dep conj mark nsubj
formulate<-aux dobj nsubj
one<-case amod nmod:poss nmod compound
want<-xcomp nsubj advmod dobj mark
crude<-compound
grip<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
concrete<-case
remain<-advcl
sniff<-aux dobj nsubj
sentimentality<-case cc conj
increase<-advcl nsubj ccomp dobj mark
not<-xcomp
discotheque<-cc conj det
appointment<-det amod
airline<-case det nmod
Grayson<-appos compound
develop<-dep dobj mark
lawmaker<-compound
acknowledge<-dobj nsubj
mettle<-nmod nsubj
offer<-aux dobj iobj nsubj
benefit<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
apart<-advmod nmod
liberal<-appos det compound
ready<-xcomp cop nsubj dobj
neighborhood<-amod
everyone<-case advmod
partner<-case nummod nmod amod
plantation<-cc conj det compound
cooperative<-advmod
Paper<-cc cop conj compound
effective<-aux cop nmod:tmod advmod nsubj
vietnamese<-case
councilman<-case det nmod compound
uncertainty<-case nmod amod
tie<-case dep compound
entry<-nummod det compound
fundamental<-compound
think<-dep dobj nsubj
quotation<-case dep appos nmod amod
unity<-case amod
shoulder<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
define<-cc cop conj
actuary<-nsubj advmod ccomp
tradition.but<-acl:relcl det amod
architecture<-case nmod:poss compound
owner<-cop dep nmod amod cc conj dobj
pack<-advmod det nmod
Cable<-case compound
rollover<-cop det nmod:tmod amod
begin<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
offer<-cop nmod compound
magnetize<-dep
bond<-case nmod amod
out.as<-dobj nsubj
machine<-det compound
figure<-nsubj cc compound:prt mark aux conj dobj
pay<-dep aux conj cc nsubj
appeal<-compound
citizen<-case det nmod
pose<-nmod
rise<-advcl nmod nsubj
publish<-cc conj advmod dobj
costly<-cc cop conj nsubj
source<-compound
shortsighted<-cop nsubj
amateur<-dep nsubj
append<-nmod
beat<-mark
add<-aux nmod
theory<-case appos det
burden<-case
notion<-advmod det nmod
finance<-cc acl:relcl det amod
remember<-xcomp auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
slip<-cc conj dobj
day<-nmod:poss compound
lead<-xcomp aux advcl nsubj
Pan<-nummod det
request<-nsubj dobj mark
vision<-case det compound
legislator<-det compound
architecture<-nmod:poss amod
law<-case nmod
value<-cop advmod nsubj
feedback<-case
risk<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
block<-nsubj dobj mark
prohibition<-cop amod acl:relcl neg
audit<-case nmod:poss nmod
market<-case appos amod det compound
range<-case cop nsubj dep advmod det amod
attendance<-nmod amod
say<-aux nmod mark
say<-aux advcl mark
spell<-aux dobj nsubj
Telzrow<-compound
project<-aux ccomp nsubj
briefs<-appos
chance<-nmod:poss
car<-case det nmod
subconscious<-det acl
question<-cop dep neg nmod expl aux
Connaught<-dep
ignore<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
company<-appos compound det amod
unique<-cc auxpass nsubjpass conj nmod
mad<-cop ccomp nsubj
scrap<-dobj nmod nsubj
caricature<-case amod
option<-compound det amod
rebind<-nsubj neg nmod mark advcl aux
work<-compound:prt mark
guarantee<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
33<-case cop conj cc
paralysis<-case compound
rally<-compound nmod:poss amod
carry<-advcl nsubj nmod mark
Howell<-appos
ought<-xcomp expl mark
run<-nummod nmod
package<-nummod amod det compound
count<-case appos det
design<-nmod:poss nmod amod
record<-case aux advcl
liability<-compound nmod amod
aquarium<-case det
portray<-advcl dobj mark
quarterly<-case nmod:poss nmod
monopoly<-nmod:poss nmod
movie<-acl:relcl det
disgraceful<-advmod
fire<-dep aux cop nsubj mark
host<-case appos det amod
machine<-cc cop conj amod
James<-cc conj nmod compound
attitude<-case nmod amod
program-trading<-nmod
expansion<-det nmod amod
agreement<-case acl nmod:poss amod
beta<-det
bitterness<-cc det nmod
mushroom<-aux advcl nsubj
court<-cc conj acl:relcl amod
opportunity<-cop nsubj neg det nmod aux
exporter<-case det
receivership<-case dep
fender<-case det nmod compound
average<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
topple<-cc conj nmod dobj
Lauderdale<-compound
quota<-compound amod
publisher<-appos det compound
Aquino<-case compound
arrogant<-cc conj
spire<-compound det amod
choke<-advcl dobj
draft<-auxpass advmod dobj
affair<-case nmod:poss amod
Biondi<-compound
shuttle<-case cc conj nmod:poss compound
Stanford<-cc conj
culture<-appos
receptor<-det nmod amod
deductible<-cc conj
clash<-det amod
day<-dep appos det
consider<-nsubj advmod dobj
case<-appos acl:relcl det compound
optimistic<-cop
option<-nummod advmod
number<-cc cop conj nsubj
view<-ccomp nmod compound:prt
begin<-nsubj dobj nmod compound:prt mark
can<-neg nsubj
Harvard<-case cc conj
pay<-advcl compound:prt
offer<-compound
change<-ccomp
repond<-nmod mark
increase<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
impose<-nsubj nmod mark
think<-aux nsubj
McCall<-compound
viewpoint<-case nmod:poss
have<-parataxis advmod nsubj
trafficker<-case det compound
notice<-cc conj advmod ccomp nsubj
5.1950<-case dep
arrangement<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
industry<-det acl
sort<-cop nmod nsubj
create<-advcl advmod dobj
135/8<-dep compound
462.89<-case
company<-acl amod
up<-nmod:npmod advcl
Barletta<-compound
expect<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
Hotel<-cc conj compound det amod
reserve<-dep cop xcomp
stem<-compound det amod
Monroe<-dep
gasoline<-nmod
hear<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
withdraw<-xcomp mark
Ways<-cc conj acl:relcl
Informix<-acl:relcl
Peltz<-cc conj compound
chemical<-case cc conj det compound
testimony<-det nmod
fly<-ccomp mark
11th<-nmod
different<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
school<-case cop nsubj mark
Receipts<-case amod compound
consider<-aux nsubj dobj advcl
vehicle<-cc conj
report<-nsubj nmod ccomp
shield<-auxpass dobj
economic<-advmod nsubj
30,000<-dep det nmod amod
option<-case compound
bode<-advmod nmod
course<-case appos amod
company<-cop det nmod nsubj
pass<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj conj
distracting<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
exchange<-nmod
weaken<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
face<-aux advmod dobj advcl nsubj
evidence<-case compound
clutter<-case det nmod amod
refuse<-aux nsubj nmod mark
level<-case advmod det nmod amod
junk-holder<-compound det amod
lose<-nsubj dep nmod mark aux dobj
use<-aux advcl det compound
give<-dep advmod nmod
worry<-cop ccomp
avoidance<-compound amod
law<-case advmod compound
difficult<-cop nsubj
light<-case compound
infection<-det
purchase<-compound amod
stronger<-cop ccomp nsubj
four<-case dep det amod
fluctuation<-nmod
dub<-auxpass nsubjpass dobj
damage<-dep det compound
bombast<-acl:relcl det
climb<-dep compound
torment<-ccomp nsubj
exceed<-nsubj cc dobj dep advcl aux conj
adjourn<-case compound nmod amod
Hoffman<-cop nmod compound
Power<-cc conj compound
store<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
lobbyist<-case det
offering<-case appos det
resident<-compound
force<-advmod amod
stand<-compound nmod amod
succeed<-nsubj nmod dobj
judgment<-case det compound
shatter<-dobj
be<-cc aux conj nsubj
Sherwin-Williams<-case
propose<-nmod
bond<-case advcl compound mark
tax<-case amod compound
Trevino<-cc conj compound
advocate<-acl:relcl amod
Streetspeak<-nsubj
urge<-xcomp dobj nmod nsubj
blame<-nmod dobj
odds<-case
summer<-det amod
Brown<-appos compound
way<-case cc det nmod amod conj
shipyard<-acl:relcl det amod
agree<-nsubj compound:prt nmod mark
pay<-advcl nmod dobj
slow<-cc cop conj advmod nsubj
sift<-nmod mark
faint<-cc cop conj advmod nsubj
news<-nmod amod
revive<-nmod
extreme<-advmod
change<-cc det compound
environment<-dep det
least<-nmod
Ottawa<-case
loyal<-cop advmod nmod mark
schedule<-case det nmod compound
extension<-cop det
pass<-cc conj nmod nsubj
Venice<-case
line<-case cop nmod mark
force<-cc xcomp dobj nsubj
remove<-aux nmod
perform<-advmod dobj
aftershock<-amod
flicker<-cc conj compound:prt nsubj
laureate<-case compound
become<-xcomp aux auxpass nsubjpass
laugh<-aux nsubj neg nmod advcl
vulnerable<-cop nsubj nmod advmod mark
remember<-dep ccomp
endorse<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
year<-det compound
Boon-Sanwa<-acl compound
take<-aux nsubj
volume<-amod
wall<-dep advmod det
person<-cc cop conj det amod
44.375<-case dep appos advmod
battalion<-case det nmod
call<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
neighbor<-case dep nmod:poss
arise<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
affiliate<-case nmod:poss nmod
sign<-dep advmod dobj nsubj
pursue<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
cause<-det nmod compound
States<-case compound
Tanzi<-appos compound
forecaster<-advmod
nothing<-dep cop conj nmod cc
key<-det nmod amod
antibody<-case dep nmod
capitalize<-advcl nmod mark
wade<-nmod mark
information<-case det
greet<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
krona<-nmod
repurchase<-appos det
practitioner<-det
confidence<-case dep nmod
behalf<-case nmod:poss nmod
Great<-det
farm<-case det nmod compound
muse<-xcomp nmod mark
agree<-dep advmod nmod ccomp
buck<-nsubj nmod dobj
grind<-advmod compound:prt
sago<-case compound
Markets<-case cc conj compound
justification<-cop advmod nmod amod neg
company<-dep mark
change<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
estate<-cc conj
attitude<-amod det det:predet
withdraw<-advmod
regard<-dobj
increase<-nmod:poss amod
concession<-amod
cut<-parataxis nsubj nmod dobj aux mark
allow<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
stress<-case cc conj
proceeds<-case
performance<-cop nmod:poss nmod
country<-case dep det nmod
printer<-case dep compound
take<-cc conj advcl dobj
Kossuth<-dep compound
declare<-nsubj advmod ccomp
miss<-dobj mark
electronics<-cc conj det
County<-cc conj compound
article<-dep appos nmod:poss compound
unchanging<-dep advmod mark
at<-cc conj
tissue<-case nmod amod
land<-advmod mark
already<-advmod
ground-cargo<-cc conj
shoddy<-dep cop advmod amod
renew<-aux
partnership<-det nmod
accommodate<-nmod mark
common<-case cc nummod conj amod
death<-nsubj dobj mark
country<-det compound
show<-det nmod compound
earn<-advcl dobj mark
member<-appos compound
rage<-nmod
sort<-case dep det amod
ratio<-case det nmod:tmod amod
hike<-det compound
capacity<-case appos
want<-advcl nsubj dobj mark
1009/32<-case
$<-cc conj compound
Bank<-case nmod:poss compound
begin<-dep aux xcomp
3.04<-dep
mind<-aux dobj neg nsubj
construction<-cc conj nmod
effect<-cop compound amod
installment<-nummod amod
period<-case nummod det amod
contributor<-cop nmod amod
volume<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
analysis<-amod nsubj
trading<-cc conj amod
usual<-case advmod
turn<-aux compound:prt nmod neg nsubj
underwrite<-ccomp
fund<-nummod nmod compound
vow<-ccomp nmod nsubj
merge<-case
trade<-case nummod compound
job<-case det nmod amod
lecture<-dep dobj mark
step<-cop det nmod amod
rate<-case amod det det:predet
release<-dobj mark
20.625<-dep advmod amod
dishonesty<-case cc conj
accord<-det compound
Sidhpur<-cc conj
contribute<-nmod ccomp
'd<-compound det nmod amod
computer<-case compound amod
pressure<-case cc conj compound
Z<-compound
compare<-nmod advcl
seem<-xcomp neg advmod nmod expl aux
please<-ccomp
Threlkeld<-case appos compound
open<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
prod<-advcl aux dobj nmod nsubj
happen<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
better<-advmod advcl
deserve<-nsubj dobj mark
open-ended<-dep cop compound det amod
strong<-dep cop nsubj advmod mark
disgrace<-amod
Nissans<-det amod
performance<-nmod:poss nmod
law<-cc conj det amod
light<-case advmod nmod
deduction<-nmod
trial<-dep det compound
set<-aux advmod dobj advcl nsubj
deficit<-nummod det
winner<-nmod
Benson<-cc conj acl:relcl nmod:poss
hold<-aux nsubj nmod:tmod advcl mark
understand<-aux dobj ccomp advcl nsubj
stumble<-cc conj mark
problem<-acl:relcl compound
contest<-advmod
pressure<-aux nsubj nmod advcl
condition<-case cc conj amod
be<-xcomp advcl expl
close<-aux cop nmod:tmod advcl nsubj
contemptuous<-nmod compound
news<-case det nmod amod
cookbook<-amod compound
composer<-case nummod amod
decade<-nmod
send<-iobj dobj
seldom<-advmod
contend<-ccomp nmod nsubj
buy<-dep dobj mark
program<-case compound nmod:poss amod
door<-case det
gridlock<-case amod
piece<-case appos
officer<-case det nmod amod
Traynor<-appos compound
criticism<-nmod:poss
soothe<-dobj nmod mark
have<-aux nsubj nmod neg mark
disrupt<-compound
scourge<-case amod
true<-nmod:npmod cop ccomp neg nsubj
office<-case det amod
have<-dep xcomp nsubj mark
draw<-nmod mark
patient<-det nmod
notion<-dep det nmod amod
explain<-ccomp
handle<-ccomp
participate<-nmod mark
practice<-case dep conj cc nmod
scale<-case det nmod amod
amass<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
incompetent<-advmod
modicum<-advmod det nmod
chip<-nummod det amod
community<-case det compound
franchisee<-cc conj det
squashed<-cc conj
financing<-nmod compound
be<-cc neg nsubj expl
timid<-cop nmod mark
subscriber<-case nummod
war<-case amod
McKenna<-compound
believe<-nsubj ccomp advcl
83/4<-compound
keep<-dep advmod dobj nmod mark
create<-aux ccomp advmod dobj nsubj
win<-nsubj cc nmod mark aux conj
low-priced<-cc conj
begin<-cc conj advmod dobj
poke<-dep nmod
bring<-aux nsubj compound:prt nmod advcl
hotel<-case nmod:poss
become<-xcomp nsubj advmod ccomp mark
side<-dep case conj cc
1.5765<-case dep advmod
velocity<-det nmod
quotation<-case nmod amod
conjunction<-case nmod
spill<-case advmod det acl
range<-amod
point<-cop det nmod amod
weekly<-case
fend<-dep compound:prt dobj nmod mark
Hefner<-compound
enter<-nsubj cc dobj advcl aux conj
stabilize<-aux advmod nsubj
aspiration<-case amod
renounce<-dobj nmod advmod mark
be<-xcomp nmod nsubj
force<-case appos
fragment<-compound
floor<-det compound
choice<-amod
Jerry<-case compound
adjustment<-case compound
Club<-compound amod
)<-nummod advmod compound
get<-cc conj advmod ccomp nsubj
company<-aux det nmod:tmod compound
rate<-nsubj
1974-81<-case
cost<-cc conj det nmod
persistence<-cc det nmod
shirt<-amod
Capital<-case acl:relcl compound
manufacturer<-det nmod
cut<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
urge<-advmod dobj nsubj
say<-parataxis advcl advmod nsubj
bite<-aux neg nsubj
house<-dep nummod compound amod
maker<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
drill<-advmod mark
outlet<-amod
taper<-dep cop mark
principal<-appos nmod:poss
represent<-aux nmod neg
glue<-aux auxpass compound:prt nsubjpass neg
renew<-ccomp mark
despair<-case nmod
victory<-nmod:poss nmod compound
conduct<-ccomp nmod nsubj
(<-case nummod compound nmod amod
question<-aux nmod dobj
dream<-compound:prt
Shearson<-appos
advance<-nsubj cc nmod dobj conj ccomp
sort<-cop det nmod
year<-cop nummod nmod dobj
beneficiary<-case cop amod nmod nsubj
structure<-cop advmod mark
protest<-dep det
start<-nsubj dobj
role<-dep nmod:poss
extreme<-aux cop nsubj advmod mark
play<-appos det compound
}<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
offset<-advmod dobj nsubj
disturb<-dobj mark
millionaire<-nmod compound:prt
whites<-case nummod
devaluation<-cc det nmod amod compound conj
replace<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
soar<-xcomp advmod nmod nsubj
much<-dep advmod nmod
knee<-det amod
Phoenix<-appos amod compound
offshoot<-appos nmod:poss
come<-aux nsubj advcl nmod mark
despot<-case amod
emerge<-xcomp nsubj advcl
interested<-nmod:npmod nmod
Maine<-compound
crush<-case det nmod amod
secretary<-compound det acl:relcl amod
cut<-dep aux dobj advcl nsubj
tongue-lashing<-nmod:poss nmod amod
rate<-case cop nsubj advmod det nmod amod
plaster<-det amod
example<-nummod nmod amod
rise<-nmod:tmod nmod
threat<-case det nmod
Congress<-advmod
do<-aux advmod dobj advcl nsubj
credit<-case det
Whitten<-cc cop conj nmod amod
competitor<-case dep acl:relcl
think<-aux nsubj ccomp dobj
bill<-nummod det amod
hold<-aux nmod dobj
criticize<-nsubj nmod dobj
proceed<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
hurt<-aux nsubj dobj advmod mark
61<-nmod:npmod
alliance<-nmod:poss nmod amod
orchard<-case dep acl:relcl
overemphasize<-cc conj mark
competitor<-case appos acl:relcl nmod:poss amod
location<-dep compound amod
call<-nsubj nmod mark
skill<-cc conj nsubj
examine<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
U.S.<-appos det
measure<-dep cop nmod:poss nmod
balance<-case amod
pain<-case det nmod
jump<-cc conj dobj nsubj
line<-cop acl:relcl det
visit<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
communication<-case compound
president<-dep
organize<-cc dep conj nmod nsubj
assistance<-det compound
repurchase<-det nmod
club<-nummod amod
conflict<-advmod det amod
initiate<-advcl dobj nsubj
suffer<-nsubj cc nmod dobj advcl aux conj
China<-nmod
advance<-dep compound
usually<-cc dep
October<-case nmod
pull<-cc conj compound:prt dobj nsubj
161/2<-dep compound
send<-dobj nmod nsubj
letter<-nummod det
or<-case nmod
tie<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
introduce<-aux nsubj nmod ccomp
jeopardy<-case cop nmod
mph<-nummod
Thursday<-dobj
191/2<-dep compound
yen<-case advmod det amod
exposure<-amod
Smeal<-case compound amod
split<-case advmod nmod:poss nmod amod
contract<-amod det compound
real<-advmod
bracket<-det amod
encase<-dep nmod dobj
underwriting<-case det nmod
impose<-dobj mark
strong<-cop nsubj nmod advmod mark
assume<-dobj nmod nsubj
fall<-det amod
500<-dep
substance<-case appos
cautious<-cc conj advmod
deficit<-acl:relcl det compound
Oakar<-appos compound
sex<-case det
spending<-case det
revert<-aux nmod nsubj
paper<-case nmod amod
breed<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
pump<-ccomp mark
escape<-nsubj
Tokyu<-dep
array<-nmod:poss nmod
retaliation<-amod
billionnaire<-det compound
lend<-nmod nsubj
claim<-dep nmod
spend<-aux advmod advcl dobj
economic<-nmod:npmod
mission<-amod
refer<-ccomp nmod nsubj
Johnstown<-case
Ankara<-case
announce<-ccomp nmod:tmod mark
marketing<-case amod
counterpoint<-det nmod
plane<-compound
wrangle<-cc cop conj nmod
murky<-cop nsubj cc nmod advcl aux
today<-case nmod compound
close<-dep
Video<-dep nsubj
meet<-dep nmod dobj
live<-advmod nmod mark
people<-case neg acl:relcl nmod
alternative<-dep det
agreement<-cc conj cc:preconj det compound
cover<-dobj nmod nsubj
Oldsmobile<-case appos compound
mining<-acl:relcl nmod compound
wrestle<-nmod mark
descriptive<-advmod
reapportion<-xcomp advmod nsubj
learn<-nsubj nmod mark
sweeten<-nmod dobj
creep<-cop advmod
institution<-case nummod amod
manager<-case cc conj nmod:poss amod
%<-nummod advmod nmod amod
speedup<-det nmod
Cathay<-dep advmod
biking.at<-case dep compound
refuse<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
takeover<-case compound nmod:poss amod
grow<-aux nsubj
champ<-det
return<-acl:relcl det
one<-cc neg conj nmod
lastest<-dobj nmod nsubj
evaluation<-case compound
comparable<-cop nmod mark
Producers<-cop compound
tide<-cc dep advmod det
experiment<-dep cop acl:relcl det
concern<-dep det nmod compound
gloom<-case det
proceed<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
meet<-aux advmod nmod neg nsubj
lobby<-dobj nmod mark
label<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
cut<-dobj ccomp nmod mark
month<-case nummod appos
chief<-det nmod compound
alpha<-case dep
breakdown<-det nmod compound
use<-advcl nsubj dobj mark
news<-compound amod
consider<-aux dobj neg nsubj
harder<-xcomp
inspiring<-advmod
heal<-aux dobj nsubj
Institute<-appos compound
shopping<-nmod amod
rise<-advmod nmod mark
sloppy<-cop mark
22.5<-advmod
switch<-case
apart<-compound amod
Course<-compound
celebration<-acl:relcl det nmod
Stanley<-cc cop conj compound nsubj
leader<-case nmod
uncertain<-cop advmod nmod
incineration<-case
analyst<-case nmod
ago<-case nmod:npmod dep
industry<-case cc conj compound
send<-advmod iobj nmod dobj mark
submit<-aux nmod:tmod nmod dobj
environmentalist<-case det
breathe<-dep compound:prt dobj advmod nsubj
cd<-compound
technique<-case compound
proponent<-cop nsubj dep neg det nmod cc conj
pick<-cc conj compound:prt dobj nsubj
Spokane<-dep
)<-cop nsubj dep nummod amod aux
trader<-acl:relcl det amod
resistance<-case compound
japanese<-dep nsubj dobj
evolution<-case det nmod amod
take<-advcl aux dobj nmod nsubj
order<-nummod compound
guess<-parataxis ccomp nsubj
persecution<-dep det
assumption<-nmod
announcement<-nmod:poss compound
throw<-advmod nsubj nmod mark
airport<-det amod
really<-ccomp
cut<-case cc conj nmod compound
low<-case cc nmod amod conj nmod:poss
rape<-case cc det nmod compound conj
Mr.<-cc acl:relcl
willful<-cc cop conj nsubj mark
consideration<-nmod:poss nmod
improve<-nsubj cc advmod dobj conj mark
exclude<-nmod:tmod nmod mark
Connaught<-case amod
planned<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
just<-ccomp nsubj
synchronize<-nmod
build<-nsubj cc nmod dobj advcl conj
dispute<-case det compound
showroom<-compound
offer<-cc advmod dobj nsubj
tabac<-det amod
question<-cop det nmod
concentrate<-cop nmod nsubj
cause<-det nmod amod
Pakistan<-case cc conj
pick<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj advcl conj
believe<-xcomp aux nsubj
strategy<-advmod det amod
toll<-det compound
advocate<-cc xcomp nsubj
change<-case det amod
lose<-aux advmod nmod dobj
score<-det
stand<-cc conj nsubj
wait<-xcomp advmod
everybody<-neg
mostly<-nmod
regenerate<-dobj nmod mark
earthquake<-cc conj advmod det
believe<-nsubj cc neg dobj dep aux
affect<-xcomp mark
oversee<-nsubj nmod mark
pay<-dep
vow<-nsubj ccomp
charge<-dep neg
able<-xcomp neg cop
chaos<-case nmod amod
little<-acl:relcl nmod
350<-advmod
propose<-nsubj nmod mark
role<-det acl
desk<-case compound nmod:poss amod
400,000<-case dep
accumulate<-parataxis advmod nsubj
inquiry<-case dep det
have<-cc xcomp advmod nsubj
sister<-dep
tire<-nmod compound
boost<-dep compound det amod
dealer<-case acl:relcl det compound
procrastination<-dep nmod:poss
bag<-nummod compound nmod amod
file<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
move<-dep cop compound nmod nsubj
extent<-case dep conj det cc
upholstery<-case det nmod
political<-cop
transport<-dobj nmod mark
total<-aux dobj nsubj
day<-cc conj det
anxious<-cop nmod
crowd<-case det nmod
water<-det amod
call<-nsubj advmod nmod:tmod dobj advcl mark
spoiler<-appos det
maker<-compound det acl:relcl amod
review<-dobj ccomp nmod mark
Michigan<-case appos
glad<-xcomp cop
onerous<-advmod
pit<-dep det compound
world<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
(<-dep advmod det compound
appearance<-case det compound
Oppenheimer<-case
compare<-csubj
shake<-advcl dobj mark
Prevention<-case det nmod
short<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
column<-nmod
cover<-aux ccomp nmod:tmod neg nsubj
communist<-case det
phone<-case appos nmod:poss amod
abuse<-det nmod amod
tower<-aux compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
serve<-nmod:tmod nmod dobj
burden<-advmod det amod
Wolf<-cc conj appos compound
pitch<-dep dobj
succeed<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
mellifluous<-cop nsubj dep advmod cc conj
rise<-cc aux conj nmod nsubj
Yamatake-Honeywell<-case
use<-cc conj nmod
airline<-nmod:poss nmod amod
reserve<-nummod
Engler<-compound
attack<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod mark
course<-dep det amod
play<-nmod mark
guy<-case amod
tell<-dep auxpass nsubjpass nmod
curb<-dobj
73<-dep compound
}<-det nmod compound
cut<-case nmod compound
increase<-case advmod acl:relcl
serious<-case cc conj det
want<-xcomp parataxis nsubj
brewing<-cc conj
fruitbowl<-xcomp auxpass
realize<-cc advcl
Shell<-case
visit<-compound
infrastructure<-case nmod
justify<-aux nsubj nmod neg mark
Control<-case cc conj nmod:poss compound
expect<-aux dobj
machine<-nmod:poss amod
unravel<-case compound
show<-case advmod acl:relcl
detect<-dobj nmod mark
resolution<-nmod:poss amod
player<-dep compound amod
tort<-nmod compound:prt
ecstatic<-cop nmod nsubj
narrow<-aux cop advmod nsubj
store<-nummod nmod
Hyundai<-case
country<-case dep advmod
financing<-dobj compound:prt
9,000<-advmod
cause<-nmod
First<-compound
Directory<-case nmod:poss nmod
question<-det compound
17.50<-case dep
program<-compound acl:relcl amod
stockholder<-case amod
narrow<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
request<-aux dobj nsubj
chapter<-case nummod acl:relcl
honest<-advmod
purchaser<-case nmod amod
progress<-det nmod
pharmacy<-case
stand<-advmod nmod dobj
fireman<-case cc conj amod
trust<-ccomp nsubj
client<-case appos
vacant<-cop
congressman<-case det nmod compound
composite<-det
redemption<-advmod det
islamic<-amod
Evans<-cc acl compound
buyer<-case nmod:poss compound
drain<-det nmod
rehash<-dep
resign<-xcomp nsubj
Pattison<-case compound
investigation<-case nmod:poss nmod
possibility<-det
disappointment<-det
disappointed<-cop nsubj advmod mark advcl aux
where<-advmod
one<-cc conj amod
search<-case compound
triangle<-case
world<-case det acl
compelling<-cop nsubj mark
rule<-cc conj
total<-det amod
Erbamont<-case
hold<-advcl dobj nmod mark
ink<-advmod amod
day<-case acl compound
need<-aux advmod dobj advcl nsubj
bid<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
line<-case acl
civilian<-det amod
debt<-aux cop nmod amod nsubj
growth<-compound det amod
suffer<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
disagree<-cc dep dobj nsubj
talk<-dep det
bring<-nsubj nmod dobj advcl aux mark
game<-cop nsubj neg det nmod mark
duke<-amod
ordinary<-case cop nmod
be<-nsubj cc advmod nmod expl conj
climb<-nsubj dobj mark
effect<-cop det nmod amod
lock<-nmod nsubj
AG<-dep
likely<-xcomp cop nsubj advmod advcl
stand<-aux nsubj neg mark
help<-dep advmod nmod
Camden<-dep
producer<-acl:relcl det nmod
submit<-advcl nsubj
trap<-compound
project<-neg amod
indication<-amod
field<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
franc<-cop nummod
see<-advcl dobj advmod nsubj
Fung<-appos compound
body<-cop advmod nmod amod
gang<-case det compound
pleased<-advmod
cite<-auxpass nsubjpass
allow<-xcomp nsubj
use<-compound det amod
ship<-aux nsubj nmod neg mark
Bass<-case cc conj compound
correct<-aux cop nmod nsubj
France<-dep
come<-xcomp nsubj dobj
gift<-compound amod
pass<-ccomp mark
represent<-advcl dobj mark
money<-amod det det:predet
intensive<-dep ccomp
buff<-case compound amod
lantana<-case
pattern<-case compound det nmod amod
everything<-advmod
demotion<-cop det mark
intensive<-advmod
height<-case advmod acl:relcl
Inc.<-cop compound advmod acl nsubj
growth<-cop compound amod mark
Abrams<-case dep acl:relcl compound
expire<-nsubj
balance<-nmod
do<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
weekend<-case
send<-xcomp aux
novel<-case acl:relcl
figure<-cop cc neg det amod acl:relcl conj
manifest<-parataxis nsubj dobj advmod mark
definitely<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
undermine<-nsubj dobj mark
snowsuit<-case det
interior<-case dep det
contribute<-dep nsubj dobj nmod mark
ardor<-nmod:poss
purchase<-nmod:poss
edge<-compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
gain<-nsubj dep nmod dobj cc conj
provision<-case amod det nmod det:predet
circle<-case nmod:poss amod
oppose<-advmod dobj
jury<-case det nmod:tmod nmod amod
volatile<-cop advmod nsubj
raise<-advcl advmod dobj
anticipate<-nsubj
female<-advmod
disruption<-case nmod
pun<-case cc conj advmod
part<-acl det amod
give<-aux advmod iobj dobj nsubj
cook<-det nmod
problem<-aux cop det mark
higher<-cop nsubj nmod:npmod nmod cc conj
toddler<-dobj nmod nsubj
dinosaur<-dep cop det nsubj
veer<-compound:prt nmod mark
pay<-aux dobj iobj advcl nsubj
lobbying<-case amod
forsake<-aux dobj nsubj
speed<-case compound
datum<-cop compound nsubj nmod:poss mark
include<-advmod ccomp nsubj
shoot<-amod det compound
resident<-case det
fly<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
worry<-det compound
idea<-det nmod amod
1978<-case cc conj
estate<-case acl:relcl det amod
executive<-dep cop conj cc nsubj
stock<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss
fund<-dep nmod amod
enough<-cc cop neg nsubj
index<-nmod:poss nmod amod
drop<-aux nmod dobj
informal<-advmod
Lucy<-nmod
respect<-dobj mark
roll<-cop det nmod nsubj
customer<-cc conj
judge<-acl:relcl
root<-advcl nsubj
market<-case nmod amod
48<-case
Wood<-appos compound
AT&T<-nmod compound
seem<-xcomp aux advmod neg nsubj
site<-case det nmod
Macmillan<-case appos nmod compound
reel<-compound
harass<-dobj
unload<-dobj
hour<-dep case nummod
damage<-cop nsubj nmod mark
value<-xcomp nsubj advcl
condition<-dep nmod:poss amod
share<-acl det amod
outbreak<-dep det
agree<-aux nsubj
Ciminero<-appos compound
22.125<-case dep
patient<-case
help<-aux advcl neg nsubj
resort<-case det amod
them.Eastern<-case
Dodd<-case compound
option<-case nmod:poss
time<-cop nsubj det amod mark
leave<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
Stock<-cc conj
sale<-cc det ccomp
57-year-old<-case det
Jan<-nummod
tourism<-case cop conj cc nsubj
surge<-nmod amod
news<-case nmod
have<-aux nsubj nmod:tmod neg mark
bedroom<-case det nmod
arm<-case advmod compound
cap<-det
individual<-dep cop nsubj mark
complaint<-cc conj nmod:poss compound
require<-advcl dobj mark
protection<-case advmod nmod
lead<-nmod:poss
week<-case acl:relcl det
dead<-case
quote<-nsubj dobj mark
remove<-dobj nmod advmod mark
3,000<-dep acl:relcl
company<-case compound nmod:poss amod
wonder<-dep
retailer<-case nmod
wind<-cc conj compound:prt
tribute<-det nmod compound
graduation<-case compound
Ruder<-case advmod compound
policy<-cop acl:relcl compound
inspect<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
Hastings<-nmod compound
take<-aux advmod dobj advcl nsubj
activist<-nmod amod
pay<-nsubj cc advmod dobj aux conj
weird<-advmod
time<-case dep acl:relcl
Good-bye<-compound amod
board<-case acl:relcl det compound
Flakes<-case appos acl:relcl compound
move<-cop nsubj cc nmod amod compound conj nmod:poss
outcome<-case det amod
project<-neg advmod amod
high<-case compound det nmod amod
predilection<-nmod nsubj
increase<-case cc nmod amod compound conj
Services<-case compound
warranty<-dep det
end<-aux compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
spend<-xcomp aux nsubj
item<-case compound
mid-1990<-case det
cost<-nsubj cc nmod dobj iobj conj
commit<-xcomp dobj
two-year<-cc conj det amod
payment<-det amod
commander<-case compound det nmod amod
compare<-dep nmod nsubj
slope<-det
instantly<-advmod
build<-compound:prt nmod mark
Egypt<-case
forecast<-case advmod det amod
prod<-nmod
operation<-dep det nmod
progress<-case cop
buyer<-case compound amod
have<-neg nsubj mark
interest<-case cop nsubj neg amod nmod:poss
lead<-dep compound
allege<-dobj nsubj
answer<-cop nsubj advmod det nmod aux
1610<-dep
lend<-advmod nmod
guarantee<-xcomp cc conj nsubj mark
measure<-cc conj amod
growth<-det
Barre<-case acl:relcl compound
$<-nummod advmod amod
consent<-compound
greater<-cop nmod nsubj
everything<-cop compound nsubj
turn<-dep nsubj nmod advcl
meet<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
move<-cc conj advmod nsubj
find<-cc xcomp nmod nsubj
scramble<-nsubj compound:prt mark
rival<-appos amod
student<-case det amod
name<-cop acl:relcl
play<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
have<-aux dobj mark
satisfy<-advmod ccomp auxpass nsubjpass advcl mark
critic<-nmod:poss nmod
accurate<-aux cop neg nsubj
safe<-cop nsubj
auction<-case compound amod
country<-case acl amod
probity<-case cc conj det
president<-case nmod:poss nmod
ethic<-dep det nmod
concede<-advcl dobj nsubj
start<-nmod ccomp
represent<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
406<-case
encourage<-xcomp aux dobj nsubj
rights<-cop det compound
pursuit<-nmod nsubj
window<-cop nsubj cc det nmod aux
step<-cc conj nmod mark
degree<-case det amod
phenomenon<-case acl:relcl det
dry<-cop nsubj nmod advmod mark
charge<-advmod ccomp nsubj
way<-case dep det amod
alarm<-case nmod
store<-det nmod amod
accommodate<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
widest<-cc conj
refugee<-case compound nmod amod
copy<-dobj mark
1984<-case amod
carry<-ccomp
send<-xcomp nsubj mark
save<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
PLC<-appos compound
share<-cop nummod nsubj
collapse<-dep det nmod
look<-xcomp aux nsubj dobj
oil<-advmod amod
rate<-cop nsubj cc neg amod compound conj
development<-case nmod
pressure<-dobj mark
rally<-advcl advmod nmod mark
wrong<-cop nsubj
Exterior<-dep compound
acquisition<-case compound
class<-nummod advmod nmod
liberal<-cc conj advmod nmod
have<-aux nsubj ccomp dobj
Mulroney<-compound
ethic<-det nmod
profitability<-nmod:poss
comment<-case compound amod
Gotlieb<-dep compound
invite<-xcomp aux advmod nmod nsubj
provoke<-advcl dobj
chief<-amod nmod nsubj
concede<-dobj mark
song<-case nummod nmod:poss compound
Georgia-Pacific<-cc appos conj compound
price<-case amod compound
french<-advmod
Series<-dep det compound
seem<-ccomp nsubj
break<-mark
receive<-xcomp nsubj dobj mark
close<-amod det nmod advmod compound
close<-amod
Night<-case det compound
look<-nsubj neg advmod nmod ccomp aux
go<-dobj nmod nsubj
but<-parataxis nmod
contract<-aux nmod nsubj
survey<-compound
end<-advcl dobj mark
expect<-aux csubj mark
jump<-advmod compound:prt nmod mark
benefit<-dep det
song<-det nmod
hire<-dobj nmod mark
detective<-case cc det nmod amod conj
scan<-nmod nsubj
republican<-advmod amod
regret<-nsubj ccomp mark
$<-cop nsubj cc nummod nmod mark conj
register<-dobj nmod mark
pass<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod mark
believe<-xcomp dobj nsubj
Granville<-compound
break<-ccomp nmod nsubj
follow<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
composer<-case compound nmod amod
due<-cop nsubj nmod mark
expect<-xcomp aux mark
cat<-case det
mafia<-case appos det compound
do<-cc aux neg nsubj
cease-fire<-det amod
vault<-case det compound
raise<-nsubj neg advmod nmod dobj aux
argue<-advcl nsubj
proclaim<-ccomp nsubj
inhibit<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
quit<-parataxis nsubj advmod nmod:tmod nmod dobj
frontier<-case det
unfair<-cc cop xcomp nsubj
chance<-case cc conj
interview<-cc conj nmod dobj
way<-case acl det amod
technician<-dep compound
payment<-case det nmod
vegetable<-dep
swing<-aux cop det expl
seven-year-old<-advmod
(<-case dep nummod cc compound conj
spa<-cc conj compound
year<-case cc conj det
tariff<-det nmod
payment<-case dep conj cc amod
hostage<-case nmod amod
feature<-dep det nmod amod
step<-cop det nmod nsubj
IPO<-det
extend<-dobj nmod mark
stretch<-advmod nsubj
squeeze<-case cop dep
increase<-dep nummod compound det amod
Television<-case appos compound
383/8<-dep compound
specimen<-case advmod nmod amod
value<-det compound
department<-det amod
member<-cop advmod det nmod amod
certainty<-cop amod det nsubj
own<-nmod:poss
result<-nmod:poss nmod compound
development<-cc acl:relcl amod
rebound<-advmod nsubj
name<-advmod
art<-case det
highest<-det
prosecutor<-acl:relcl
officer<-cop nsubj cc det nmod amod conj
proposal<-case acl:relcl amod
imposition<-det nmod amod
time<-cop nsubj det nmod amod advcl aux
need<-cop advmod det acl nsubj
review<-case det nmod compound
beatific<-advmod
workings<-case det nmod
damp<-ccomp advmod dobj mark
money<-case dep amod
count<-det
generation<-acl:relcl det amod
vote<-cop compound nmod:poss acl nsubj
use<-nsubj advmod dobj advcl aux mark
AG<-case cc conj compound
furrier<-nummod det amod
Mafia<-case det compound
Hancock.He<-case acl:relcl compound
Greenfield<-case acl compound
tale<-det nmod
plateau<-det
authority<-nmod
convert<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
spend<-aux nmod nsubj
suit<-amod
anxiety<-nmod:poss
accuse<-auxpass dobj
Gulf<-compound
announce<-advmod nmod
respond<-advcl nmod nsubj
trader<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
pride<-cop
writer<-det nmod
Chandler<-dep compound
explode<-cc aux conj nsubj
referendum<-det amod
career<-nmod:poss
translate<-auxpass nmod mark
pass<-dep advmod advcl
use<-cc conj advcl nmod dobj
arrest<-cop advcl nmod neg
room<-aux compound cop nsubj
beef<-auxpass dobj compound:prt
cost<-advmod dobj
390<-case dep
bad<-cop advmod nsubj
fall<-case advmod
Kern<-appos compound
Sider<-dep appos compound
Telephone<-cc det amod dep acl:relcl compound conj
plunge<-dobj nmod mark
project<-case nummod det appos compound
make<-nsubj cc advmod ccomp conj mark
in<-case
shock<-amod
highlight<-dep det
strip<-case compound det amod
fiber<-amod
coward<-case
allocate<-xcomp auxpass
separate<-dobj nmod mark
stir<-nmod mark
enter<-ccomp
ship<-dobj nmod mark
panel<-case det nmod
trading<-dobj nmod nsubj
represent<-ccomp nsubj dobj mark
convene<-advcl dobj mark
reaction<-amod
potential<-acl:relcl nmod:poss amod
short<-dep
salary<-cc conj
package<-nmod dobj
peacemaker<-case det
end<-case dep det nmod amod compound
UAL<-case cc conj
wear<-compound:prt iobj dobj nsubj
unlikely<-cop ccomp nmod nsubj
have<-xcomp nsubj cc cc:preconj aux conj
stream<-compound
rush<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
sponsor<-det nmod amod
increase<-xcomp dobj nsubj
talk<-aux nsubj nmod dobj
benefit<-acl:relcl det amod
commissioner<-case compound nmod:poss amod
way<-cop nsubj det acl mark
holder<-case acl:relcl det compound
presence<-cop acl:relcl det nmod
loss<-case compound nmod:poss nmod amod
devotion<-nmod:poss amod
price<-compound det acl amod
market<-cop nmod
jail<-case cop nmod nsubj
loosen<-xcomp aux nsubj advmod mark
chief<-dep det amod
take<-nsubj cc neg nmod dobj aux conj
list<-cc advmod dobj
send<-aux nmod
stream<-det compound
focus<-dobj nmod mark
field<-nmod compound
circulate<-xcomp auxpass advmod nmod
plutonium<-case
put<-xcomp dep advmod nmod auxpass nsubjpass
time<-case cc nummod conj
country<-acl compound
197<-case
admit<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
register<-advmod
institute<-dep det compound
finery<-case nmod:poss amod
department<-case det compound
plug<-det nmod
stop<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
frightened<-cop nsubj
regime<-nmod:poss
grouse<-nummod
charge<-cop nsubj dep advmod nmod aux
happen<-dep nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
earnings<-case compound amod
run<-cc conj nmod nsubj
crate<-case nummod det
hesitate<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
overrun<-nmod
tumble<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
Beach<-dep compound
sit<-advcl nsubj
grow<-dep nmod ccomp
alliance<-acl det amod
over<-cop acl:relcl neg nsubj
t-shirt<-compound
trade<-xcomp aux nsubj
care<-aux advmod nsubj
MGM/UA<-cc conj
92<-advmod
say<-nmod:tmod nsubj
s<-case cc conj det amod
fast-moving<-cc conj
contributor<-case nummod det nmod amod
Sept.<-case nummod advmod
Freightways<-compound
worry<-cop amod nmod nsubj
understand<-dep cc conj advmod nsubj
set<-advcl compound:prt dobj advmod mark
rank<-dobj mark
safe<-aux cop nsubj mark
company<-case amod det compound
depend<-advcl nmod nsubj
ensure<-advmod ccomp mark
say<-parataxis dep nsubj advcl
less<-case advmod
census<-case cc conj nmod:poss
lifetime<-case dep appos
revive<-aux nmod
acquittal<-nmod compound
bring<-aux dobj nmod advmod nsubj
burn<-case
massage<-case det
mission<-acl:relcl det amod
sight<-case amod
combine<-cc conj dobj nsubj
company<-case acl det amod
invent<-dobj nsubj
17.12<-dep cop appos nmod
get<-aux nsubj ccomp advmod advcl
hiring<-dep det
tool<-compound advmod det amod
addition<-advmod det nmod amod
undeserved<-cc conj advmod
Berkeley<-cc conj
runup<-case det
tip-off<-cop det acl
hill<-det nmod
base<-case compound nmod amod
only<-case
jury<-case det nmod amod acl:relcl compound
Robert<-cc conj
maker<-nmod:poss nmod amod
debate<-case compound det amod
agreement<-nummod det
merchandise<-amod
167/8<-case cc conj
venture<-cop nsubj advmod det nmod amod
hat<-amod
season<-case acl det amod
case<-case compound det amod
Trump<-case cc conj compound
message<-nmod amod
building<-case cc conj det
fall<-xcomp dobj
past<-case advmod det
jump<-cop nsubj nmod mark
response<-compound det amod
note<-nmod:poss amod
observer<-nmod amod
big<-xcomp cop nsubj cc advmod mark conj
credit<-det
capital<-dep det
indexing<-dobj mark
grain<-case
try<-compound:prt dobj nmod mark
help<-compound:prt nmod:tmod mark
eloquently<-advmod
aircraft<-cop amod acl nsubj
pound<-acl:relcl
show<-nmod amod
sell<-nsubj dobj advcl
country<-det acl
wife<-amod
estimate<-nummod amod
gear<-case compound
respond<-advmod mark
Harrison<-appos advmod compound
make<-aux nmod:tmod nmod mark
originate<-nmod
dislocation<-case cc conj nmod:poss nmod
help<-cop nmod amod
branch<-nummod compound
hurt<-dep advmod nmod nsubj
broker<-det amod
name<-advmod ccomp nsubj
functioning<-det nmod
work<-dep advmod nsubj
compare<-aux nmod neg nsubj
seek<-dep dobj
Alaska<-case cc conj
payout<-nmod
fewer<-nmod:npmod
flag<-det
Snow<-case det
spirit<-case amod
go<-aux compound:prt
Cable<-cc conj
replace<-aux nsubj nmod dobj
protest<-cop nsubj det nmod amod aux
Soule<-compound
allow<-aux dobj neg nsubj
cut<-det amod
68<-nmod
unspecified<-dep amod
Forrester<-case compound
wrongdoing<-case det nmod
leave<-nsubj cc neg compound:prt aux dobj
establsh<-case compound det nmod amod
revenue<-dep compound amod
413/8<-advmod nmod
transfusion<-case compound
feel<-cc xcomp nsubj
rush<-xcomp nsubj nmod:tmod advcl
4.01<-dep
interpret<-xcomp auxpass nmod
sure<-cop nsubj ccomp neg mark
29<-cop nsubj dep nmod:tmod advcl aux
find<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
bond<-case acl:relcl compound
space<-det compound
sell<-cc dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
player<-cop nummod advmod nmod expl aux
expect<-neg advmod nmod
put<-advcl nsubj nmod:tmod nmod mark
try<-xcomp aux advmod neg nsubj
relent<-case
polyp<-case amod
center<-case amod
agency<-det nmod amod
Star<-dep det compound
record<-case dep nmod:poss
replace<-dobj iobj mark
weatherman<-det compound
stew<-nmod compound
illustration<-case det acl
yesterday<-cop nsubj advmod nmod amod advcl
nicely<-cc conj
accident<-cop nsubj cc det mark conj
implement<-nsubj ccomp nmod mark
choice<-compound det amod
complex<-cc conj
insist<-dep parataxis advmod nmod nsubj
work<-cc conj nsubj mark
provision<-acl:relcl compound
interview<-case dep det acl
see<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
human<-neg
govern<-dep dobj
attack<-cc conj nmod dobj
divestiture<-case cc conj det compound
rubble<-case det nmod compound
refiner<-case amod
result<-dep aux nsubj advmod mark
do<-nsubj neg advmod dobj aux mark
institution<-case acl:relcl det
build<-auxpass dobj mark
stock<-acl:relcl nmod amod
thunder<-nsubj
impossible<-xcomp nsubj
318.79<-case
478<-case
court<-case compound nmod amod
hole<-nummod amod
trade<-cop compound nmod nsubj
break<-acl:relcl det
management<-case compound
widen<-dobj nmod nsubj
Kemp<-case compound
GE<-acl:relcl
scene<-parataxis nmod nsubj
work<-nmod:poss det:predet
enjoyable<-xcomp cop
Chubb<-case cc conj det
back<-compound:prt dobj mark
peak<-dep compound mark
contain<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj conj
current<-det compound
force<-nmod compound:prt
stab<-cop nsubj cc advmod det nmod amod conj
unchanged<-dep nmod
force<-case cc conj det compound
forecast<-compound nmod nsubj
Bartlesville<-dep
position<-case cop advcl det amod
Carroll<-compound
footing<-amod nmod nsubj
confirm<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
Blanchard<-compound
allege<-advmod ccomp nsubj
again<-advcl
Americanized<-nmod dobj
slowing<-det nmod amod
supplier<-compound det amod
speak<-parataxis nsubj dep advmod mark aux
barrel<-case dep nummod det cc conj
competent<-advmod amod
distinction<-case det amod
point<-acl:relcl det
Halloween<-case cc conj acl
he<-case advmod mark
union<-cc conj det
costly<-cc conj
bid<-advmod nmod:poss
Jude<-compound
change<-appos acl:relcl det
arsenal<-nmod amod
package<-acl:relcl compound
give<-aux iobj dobj
invest<-aux ccomp nsubj
read<-neg nsubj ccomp mark
talk<-nmod:poss amod
offset<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
high<-cop advmod neg nsubj
corporation<-cop amod det acl nsubj
ability<-case dep acl
retreat<-aux advmod csubj mark
run<-aux auxpass nsubjpass
presence<-dep nmod:poss amod
ask<-xcomp aux dobj neg nsubj
100<-case
dissident<-case amod
sell<-advmod
far<-advmod ccomp nsubj
Currency<-case det
{<-xcomp advmod
1.05<-cc conj
show<-acl:relcl det compound
bond<-aux compound cop advmod expl
Series<-case nmod:poss compound
cart<-case nmod compound
last<-dep dobj nmod:tmod mark
ally<-case advmod det amod
leave<-cc conj dobj nmod mark
resume<-nsubj dep neg dobj advcl aux
producer<-case nmod:poss amod
clear<-cc ccomp nsubj
return<-case cop nmod
have<-nsubj cc nmod:tmod ccomp conj mark
Reebok<-cc conj
affirm<-dep det compound
run<-case det
ad<-dep det compound
fill<-aux nsubj nmod advmod mark
plan<-xcomp nsubj dobj advcl
hew<-nmod nsubj
Cities-ABC<-dep compound
June<-case dep nummod
movie<-nmod
president<-cop nsubj cc advmod nmod compound conj
sauce<-compound
eve<-case det nmod
big<-cop advmod ccomp neg nsubj
mayor<-case amod
go<-aux cop advmod nmod nsubj
liquidate<-aux cop
shrink<-advmod mark
duel<-case det nmod
describe<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
window<-det amod
this<-advmod
have<-auxpass dobj mark
white<-cop
bear<-ccomp nmod mark
complete<-cop nsubj
vaguely<-dep advmod
forefront<-case cop det nmod nsubj
100,000<-dep det amod
reduce<-advmod dobj nsubj
sit<-aux advcl compound:prt
push<-det nmod
attention<-nmod
Movieline<-case appos
force<-xcomp nsubj nmod dobj advcl aux ccomp
Furniture<-compound
expect<-aux nsubj nmod dobj
5.03<-dep
Americans<-case nummod det nmod
director<-compound det amod
reverse<-parataxis ccomp dobj
delve<-nmod nsubj
arrive<-aux nsubj
bullhorn<-case cc conj det
interest<-case cop nmod mark
coverage<-case det
lot<-case dep det compound
influence<-cc conj mark
market<-amod det compound
1989<-case appos
seat<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
Altman<-case cc conj compound
card<-compound
purchase<-cc xcomp nsubj
promotion<-case det amod
exceed<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
time<-aux nmod nsubj
public<-aux cop nsubj
seek<-nsubj
give<-aux dobj advmod nsubj
exchange<-dep neg det
anticipate<-xcomp dobj nsubj
build<-dep advmod nmod:tmod nsubj
Zealand<-compound
loss<-parataxis acl:relcl det nmod amod
worker<-case cc conj
determine<-aux advmod advcl neg
24th<-det
string<-case amod
wheeze<-dep cop advcl nmod nsubj
dictatorship<-det compound
dress<-xcomp
requirement<-case
plunge<-case compound det amod
environment<-case det nmod amod
call<-advcl nsubj advmod mark
television<-case cc conj
mean<-advmod dobj mark
reconstruction<-case
pleased<-aux cop advmod ccomp nsubj
robber<-case det
second<-case det
hold<-amod compound
cloud<-det
99.95<-case
cue<-nmod
canadian<-det
segment<-cop compound amod nmod:poss nsubj
)<-acl:relcl det compound
service<-advmod dobj mark
217/8<-dep nmod compound
actuary<-compound det acl:relcl amod
provide<-iobj dobj
Board.But<-case det compound
accompli<-det compound
permit<-aux dobj iobj nsubj
scatter<-case nmod compound
girl<-det
leverage<-cop nmod
haven<-cop det nmod nsubj
check<-case det
lose<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
investor<-compound det nmod amod
pay<-cc conj dobj mark
computing<-dep acl:relcl amod
Inmac<-dep nsubj
undertake<-auxpass nmod mark
bargain<-dobj nmod mark
total<-dep nummod nmod:poss nmod
erudite<-cc conj
value<-case dep nmod cc compound conj
scapegoat<-cc cop conj det mark
continue<-xcomp aux csubj mark
dole<-compound:prt dobj mark
highlight<-xcomp mark
residence<-nmod:poss amod
essential<-cop nsubj
inspector<-compound
veracity<-case det nmod
action<-case nmod:poss nmod
require<-nsubj ccomp mark
feeling<-nmod amod
low-cost<-amod
concern<-cc conj nmod:poss amod
Ogilvy<-cc conj appos nmod
democrat<-amod
unit<-case appos det amod
design<-dep cop nmod
sale<-case cop nsubj cc nmod mark aux conj
defunct<-advmod
puzzle<-acl:relcl det amod
price<-case appos nmod:poss amod
Strobel<-case compound amod
outfit<-cc aux conj nmod dobj
begin<-dep nsubj
distribute<-dobj nsubj
tour<-case compound det nmod amod
testify<-ccomp nsubj
three<-case dep advmod compound
suspend<-aux auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
treatment<-nmod:poss nmod amod
fold<-nsubj dep nmod dobj cc aux conj
lack<-nsubj dep neg advmod cc conj
refinery<-compound amod
temperature<-amod
tell<-iobj dobj
go<-nsubj neg nmod mark advcl aux
condition<-det
left<-case det
venture<-cc aux ccomp nsubj
shopper<-case det amod
pair<-det nmod
manager<-case cc conj compound
ban<-det nmod compound
health.similarly<-case amod
Skinner<-nmod compound
hit<-dep det nmod compound
Mortgage<-xcomp advmod dobj nmod nsubj
subsidiary<-case advmod
provision<-cc acl:relcl det amod
blaze<-det
export<-nsubj nmod mark
Arabia<-case appos compound
leverage<-dep
delay<-nsubj cc advmod dobj aux conj
die<-cc conj
confrontation<-det
bull<-case cc conj
share<-det compound
cloud<-ccomp nsubj
fix<-aux nsubj nmod mark
Stratas<-compound
ministry<-compound
Lombard<-cc conj
course<-case acl:relcl det
series<-nummod nmod
flag<-amod
insect<-cc nummod det conj
speculation<-nmod compound
require<-cc ccomp nsubj
opportunistic<-cop advmod nsubj
tumble<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
breach<-dobj mark
Mahfouz<-case compound
evident<-cop nmod nsubj
wistful<-dep amod
feel<-advcl nmod nsubj
%<-nummod advmod acl:relcl nmod
work<-case cop advmod
change<-dep dobj nsubj
hazardous<-dep cop nmod nsubj
favor<-case det nmod
manufacturer<-case appos advmod
hit<-nsubj advmod advcl
Pei.The<-case compound
sit<-nsubj compound:prt dobj mark
Economic<-case
athletics<-ccomp mark
jogger<-case det amod
go<-dep advmod csubj
Department<-det nmod compound
request<-cc dobj
company<-case appos nmod:poss compound
distract<-case compound
flip<-dobj nmod mark
massacre<-case det compound
Board<-case nmod:poss compound
hedge<-nmod dobj
department<-det nmod
a<-dep
issue<-case cc conj det
reject<-aux nmod mark
sinful<-cc conj
Poles<-neg det
squeamish<-nmod
spending<-case nmod:poss compound
run<-dobj iobj mark
folk<-det
Tele-Communications<-appos
order<-nmod compound
hear<-advmod dobj nsubj
gentleman<-case
file<-nsubj cc advmod dobj advcl conj
age<-case nummod nmod
prevail<-nmod
something<-cc cop conj advmod acl
plan<-compound nmod:poss amod
international<-dep ccomp
dissipate<-aux advmod nsubj
kill<-cc conj dobj nsubj
tobacco<-cc conj
ad<-case appos
protester<-case dep conj cc
friday.municipals<-xcomp advcl nsubj mark
motivation<-parataxis advmod ccomp nsubj
involvement<-case amod
build<-nmod compound:prt
await<-auxpass dobj
regard<-advmod
coffee<-case nmod:poss
March<-case cc conj advmod dep
defense<-nmod:poss
zone<-cc conj acl:relcl compound
patient<-dep det amod
root<-case cop det nmod nsubj
bond<-case amod compound
queue<-case cc conj compound
quicker<-nmod
Cineplex<-case
lend<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
operate<-ccomp
protect<-xcomp cc conj nsubj mark
tragedy<-cc conj compound det amod
need<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
Weasel<-det nmod
schoolteacher<-appos det nmod amod
editorial<-ccomp nsubj
economy<-case compound
Sierra<-case
insurgent<-case nmod amod
nothing<-xcomp
supply<-advmod det nmod amod
gene<-case nummod det
festival<-case det compound
gallon<-case dep nummod
rent<-nmod mark
oversee<-xcomp aux conj cc nsubj
help<-nsubj neg advmod dobj aux mark
invincible<-advmod
describe<-aux auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
use<-aux advmod dobj
banker<-appos nmod:poss compound
motivate<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
nuance<-det nmod
's<-nsubj ccomp advmod mark
product<-case nmod:poss compound
mount<-ccomp nsubj
manufacturer<-case det
creditor<-case dep
level<-case dep det amod
push<-advcl aux dobj neg nsubj
wan<-aux nsubj
consolidation<-case
Gargan<-case compound
hamburger<-cc conj
waste<-dobj mark
July<-case nummod acl:relcl
challenge<-case acl:relcl
activity<-compound det amod
blunt<-dobj mark
member<-cc conj det compound
1.87<-dep
tip<-cop advmod det nmod
commission<-det nmod amod
consumer<-case nmod
Congress<-case acl:relcl det compound
have<-neg mark
Rifkin<-compound
package<-nmod:poss amod
trade<-dep
Morrow<-case dep compound
right<-cc conj det acl
sanctity<-det nmod
rate<-dep nsubj advmod advcl
subordinate<-nmod
secure<-cc conj
bowling<-dobj mark
317/8<-dep cc conj compound
form<-det
replacement<-det
destroy<-mark
Rich<-case cc conj det
Avenue<-cc conj compound nmod:poss amod
instrument<-cc conj
grant<-cc conj amod
stake<-case det nmod compound
Casualty<-acl:relcl compound
well-known<-cop ccomp
one<-dep neg advmod nmod
design<-dobj nsubj
press<-case det amod
goal<-acl det amod
prevent<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
trail<-case neg conj cc compound
institute<-dobj mark
pc<-cc conj nmod amod
board<-case det nmod amod
company<-cc conj appos
effect<-dobj mark
strong<-cc conj
IBM<-cc conj
leap<-dobj
sophisticated<-cop dep advmod nmod amod cc conj
discriminate<-auxpass advmod nmod
sight<-det
route<-dep det
minimalism<-nmod:poss amod
favor<-dep det amod
illegal<-nmod
accept<-ccomp nsubj dobj mark
Aikman<-appos compound
ask<-cc conj nsubj mark
trial<-det nmod
finish<-nsubj advmod dobj nmod:tmod mark
fund<-cop nsubj cc amod compound conj nmod:poss
controversy<-cc det ccomp
1970<-det amod
rival<-dep det
buckle<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj mark
savings<-case cc conj
related<-xcomp nsubj
system<-case det acl
chinese<-mark advmod dobj nsubj
stake<-nmod:poss nmod compound
Shere<-compound
prove<-dobj
vow<-cop nsubj advmod nmod amod compound acl
Corroon<-cc conj
consider<-cc aux conj
dissolution<-appos det nmod amod
drift<-det nmod amod
nation<-case cc nummod det amod compound conj
know<-nmod mark
do<-cc nsubj advmod conj mark
accord<-nummod compound
connect<-case advmod nmod compound
ascend<-xcomp neg
tough<-xcomp aux cop nsubj
text<-case cc conj amod
service<-case compound nmod amod
Diamandis<-compound
strike<-compound det nmod amod
1751.9<-case
Mandela<-case appos compound amod
interest<-nmod:poss nmod amod
tailor<-dep aux cop nmod nsubj
Fiat<-cop advmod
announce<-nsubj ccomp mark
use<-xcomp nmod
view<-aux cop amod nsubj
black<-dep cop nsubj advmod mark
secure<-dobj nmod nsubj
yet<-neg appos
end<-case compound amod
produce<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
stall<-case det compound
jointly<-cc conj
point<-case nummod compound amod
piano<-amod
tapestry<-det amod
play<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
gardener<-dep nmod
chain<-nmod:poss
management<-case appos amod
close<-xcomp cop advmod nsubj
ride<-aux compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
propose<-advcl advmod dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
play<-advmod dobj nsubj
Rates<-dep nmod
hour<-dep cop compound advmod nsubj
member<-compound det acl amod
earn<-dobj advmod nsubj
add<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj
variation<-det nmod
mean<-aux nmod nsubj
trickier<-cop nsubj cc advmod nmod aux
democracy<-det nsubj
cutback<-compound
make<-advmod ccomp
Hugo<-case nmod compound
high<-advmod nmod nsubj
reason<-parataxis nsubj ccomp advcl
30<-case amod
wonder<-dep nsubj ccomp
proper<-xcomp cop conj cc nsubj
raise<-xcomp advcl
%<-cop nummod amod nsubj
spark<-cc auxpass advmod conj nmod
just<-dep cop neg
lure<-dobj mark
part<-cop nsubj cc nmod amod conj mark
price<-advcl dobj compound
design<-case nummod
golfing<-cc dep conj advmod
Md.<-case compound
hurt<-auxpass nmod:tmod nmod
label<-case compound det amod
stay<-dobj mark
demise<-det nmod
whip<-xcomp aux advmod dobj compound:prt
doubt<-aux ccomp neg
Wickes<-cc conj
attraction<-case dep
take<-aux nmod
smoother<-nsubj
develop<-cc conj dobj
lurch<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
leader<-cop dep det nmod cc acl:relcl conj
permit<-aux nsubj nmod mark
poke<-dobj compound:prt
contribute<-nmod mark
plan<-nmod:poss acl
accumulate<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
transportation<-case nmod
19.125<-case dep nmod
inventory<-case amod acl:relcl compound
tenor<-det
stretch<-case nummod det compound
wrestle<-dobj nmod nsubj
banker<-nummod compound
deny<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
declare<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
guess<-cop nmod:poss nsubj
nation<-case nummod det
{<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
look<-ccomp nmod mark
enter<-aux nmod dobj
junkholder<-amod
image<-case appos acl:relcl nmod:poss nmod
program<-case nmod amod
recourse<-amod
manage<-aux advmod dobj advcl nsubj
heist<-cop nsubj cc det nmod amod compound conj
hold<-dep advmod nmod compound:prt
treatment<-case compound
Committee<-case appos amod det compound
Johnstown<-case amod
McNally<-compound
crooked<-advmod
outrage<-amod
daughter<-case nummod
pastoris<-acl:relcl compound
appear<-cc xcomp nsubj
demon<-det acl
cent<-cop nummod nmod mark
hold<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
raise<-nsubj nmod:tmod nmod dobj
belief<-ccomp nsubj
hold<-nsubj dobj nmod advmod mark
committee<-case dep det
ease<-xcomp dobj nsubj
contribution<-compound amod
indexing<-ccomp
ennumerate<-det compound
anti-european<-case
rejoin<-dobj mark
buy<-nsubj dep advmod compound:prt aux dobj
Corney<-case cc conj
congenial<-advmod nmod
support<-aux nsubj advmod advcl dobj
chairman<-cc conj det amod
claim<-case nmod amod
tissue<-case acl:relcl compound
thrift<-nmod amod
commentator<-acl:relcl
increase<-advmod ccomp
american<-dobj
guide<-aux dobj nsubj
leave<-dep cc conj dobj
year<-case dep conj det cc
schedule<-cc conj
add<-advcl dobj
opportunist<-case nmod amod
noncompliant<-advmod
article<-dep compound
trust<-nsubj cc neg dobj aux conj
protect<-nsubj dobj advcl
owner<-advmod nmod
Fe<-nmod compound
1.28<-dep
squeeze<-case det nmod
profile<-det nmod
overhaul<-cop nmod
load<-case compound det amod
marketer<-case amod
write<-advmod compound:prt dobj mark
officer<-nummod det
employee<-nmod:poss amod
Mr.<-acl:relcl
business<-cop amod
leave<-dep aux nsubj mark
crop<-case dep det compound
attendant<-nmod:npmod dep nmod
Traviata<-case dep nmod:poss compound
rise<-advcl nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
discussion<-case cop advmod nmod
528.56<-case
payroll<-case det compound
reduce<-aux nmod mark
offer<-cop amod
Gadhafi<-compound amod
converge<-cc conj advcl
solve<-advmod dobj nmod:tmod mark
funding<-cc conj det nmod
culture<-cc conj det nmod
others.it<-case det det:predet
stay<-nmod
listen<-cc conj nsubj
sell<-aux dobj ccomp nmod:tmod nsubj
Beers<-case compound
taste<-amod
staff<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
sale<-nummod nmod:poss
dispute<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
healthy<-xcomp cop nsubj mark
steer<-auxpass nmod
give<-dobj ccomp mark
picture<-cop advmod det nmod
run<-cc advmod nmod auxpass nsubjpass conj
read<-dep aux dobj nsubj
Hartford<-dep
trigger<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
growth<-cop nmod
lie<-compound:prt
million.In<-dobj
do<-advmod nmod dobj
greener<-cop nsubj advmod nmod mark
holder<-case acl:relcl compound
dependent<-nmod nsubj
have<-parataxis dep dobj nsubj
cause<-dep dobj
vehicle<-case cc conj det
salesman<-dep det
problem<-compound det nmod amod
job<-appos
520<-case dep
wave<-acl det amod
rally<-dep compound det amod
doomsayer<-det
use<-cop nsubj dep nmod mark aux
violation<-case det nmod
wrong<-advmod
totter<-aux nmod nsubj
$<-case dep nummod advmod amod
share<-nummod nmod amod
peruse<-xcomp nsubj mark
conform<-advcl nmod mark
print<-dep cop nsubj
package<-compound amod
opening<-case advmod det
base<-aux compound cop nmod nsubj
explain<-xcomp
competitive<-advmod det
shaky<-dep advmod ccomp
version<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
inform<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass ccomp
contract<-case acl:relcl det amod
brigade<-case det amod
higher<-cop advcl nmod nsubj
outflow<-case advmod det nmod amod
adamant<-cc cop ccomp nsubj
Street<-case det
appointment<-compound det amod
beat<-nmod dobj
graft<-amod
renovate<-dobj mark
ask<-cc conj nsubj nmod mark
album<-amod
sand<-case nmod
rehabilitate<-aux cop nsubj neg mark
particulars<-case amod
official<-case appos det amod
competitor<-cop nsubj advmod det amod mark
week<-cc conj amod
semantics<-case
proposal<-dep amod
strongest<-cop det nmod nsubj
crisis<-case appos det amod
role<-cc cop dep amod nsubj
explain<-nsubj cc neg advmod dobj aux conj
access<-det nmod compound
let<-dobj nmod mark
AT&T<-case acl:relcl
strength<-nmod nsubj
post<-cc conj nmod dobj
difference<-nmod compound
brush<-amod
inning<-case nummod acl
carat<-case
Fed<-cc conj
sell<-cc conj nmod
best<-nsubj
shop<-cc nummod nmod:poss conj compound
surprised<-auxpass advcl ccomp
bring<-parataxis advcl advmod dobj nsubj
coup<-case amod
oppose<-xcomp mark
word<-case dep amod
handle<-advcl dobj
wrong<-cc cop nsubj
seriousness<-det nmod
town<-det
only<-dep det
Muzak<-nmod
statement<-nmod:poss nmod
nothing<-dep nmod
payroll<-cc conj det amod
thing<-nummod acl:relcl det
hardship<-amod
take<-nsubj nmod:tmod nmod dobj advcl aux
share<-compound nmod amod
September<-cc acl:relcl det
pull<-nsubj compound:prt nmod mark
incomplete<-cc conj
glamour<-det
fourth<-det nmod
ban<-case det amod
way<-case cop
held<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
put<-dep dobj nsubj
apparel<-case amod
developer<-case cc conj
cancer<-case compound det nmod amod
incorrect<-cop advcl
bondholder<-nmod
exposure<-case
rap<-case cop det nmod
subject<-cop nsubj cc advmod nmod aux conj
movement<-nmod:poss amod
accord<-amod
problem<-det acl
be<-expl neg advcl xcomp ccomp
3.25<-dep nsubj
invite<-advcl advmod dobj
Miner<-compound
Hsu<-compound amod
circle<-case compound
prepare<-parataxis nsubj dep neg nmod aux
pressure<-det nmod amod
Hardiman<-case compound
inflow<-case amod det nmod compound
old<-case
little<-case advmod
accumulate<-aux nsubj dobj advcl mark
Rolodexes<-dep
psyche<-case det nmod
thrift<-case advmod amod
rule<-xcomp nsubj mark
legislation<-case acl:relcl det
promise<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
c<-case dep conj cc
court<-compound det det:predet
35526.55<-case
people<-case compound
collector<-cop nsubj nmod mark compound aux
something<-advcl aux advmod neg nsubj
fishbowl<-det nmod amod
cast<-advcl
end<-case dep det nmod:tmod nmod compound
JSP<-dep det
franchise<-xcomp nsubj
maintain<-cc dobj
ship<-neg dobj nmod mark
discuss<-aux ccomp neg nsubj
Bronfmans<-det
help<-dep mark
go<-dep xcomp nsubj
optimistic<-cop advmod
edition<-case nummod compound
victim<-dep
overlay<-dep cop nmod:poss nmod
survive<-xcomp aux nsubj
catapult<-advcl nsubj nmod advmod mark
margin<-det nmod amod
trading-oriented<-cop advmod
pocket<-case det nmod
Rouge<-cop compound det mark
see<-advcl nsubj dobj nmod mark
afraid<-cop nmod neg nsubj
active<-advmod nmod
inch<-dep compound
voice<-dep nmod:poss
willing<-nmod:npmod cop xcomp
attorney<-case dep nummod nmod:poss
policy<-case dep nmod:poss nmod
share<-advcl aux dobj neg nsubj
industry<-case cc conj det
appear<-xcomp nmod expl
prove<-xcomp advcl
operation<-cop nsubj cc det nmod amod compound aux conj
number<-dep amod
foresee<-aux nmod:tmod nmod neg
sit<-aux nmod
spirit<-nmod:poss nmod
traffic<-case compound
schedule<-nummod det compound
start<-compound:prt
firmness<-case nmod:poss
PaineWebber<-compound
Sago<-det
ease<-compound:prt nmod mark
re-enactment<-case appos det
practice<-case nmod amod
airline<-case det amod
way<-cop advmod acl:relcl neg
car<-case appos amod
folk<-amod
shed<-dep dobj advmod nsubj
atmosphere<-case compound det nmod amod
tougher<-advmod
find<-advcl dobj iobj mark
step<-det acl
evidence<-cop acl:relcl det amod
Yuzek<-compound
district<-case dep nmod
expert<-case amod
narrow<-advcl dobj advmod mark
admit<-aux dobj
require<-xcomp cc conj dobj
hiker<-case advmod det acl:relcl
able<-xcomp cop nsubj neg mark
screen<-case advmod det compound
place<-acl:relcl det
bear<-advmod nmod nsubj
affect<-nsubj cc dobj dep aux conj
283/8<-case nmod
pass<-aux nsubj compound:prt nmod dobj
Family<-cop amod det acl:relcl nsubj
uncertain<-cop nsubj nmod advmod mark
U.K.<-case cc conj det
head<-case nmod compound
93<-advmod
range<-dep aux nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
country<-case nmod compound
bigger<-advmod nmod
circumstance<-dep amod
seal<-nmod dobj
Gulf<-det compound
push<-aux compound:prt dobj nsubj
expose<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
specification<-nmod:poss
identify<-advmod
buck<-xcomp advmod
staff<-compound det amod
air<-det nmod
inch<-advmod nmod
method<-amod
thrust<-auxpass dobj nmod compound:prt
sell<-xcomp aux mark
12.50<-case dep nmod
plea<-det nmod compound
stick<-auxpass nmod
they<-dep cop
Ike<-case compound
no<-case nmod
less<-nmod:npmod nmod:tmod nmod
product<-dep advmod compound
decide<-cc ccomp nmod nsubj
Domingo<-case cc conj compound
originator<-cc conj det nmod
Ashurst<-case
hesitate<-cop
signal<-det amod
rationalize<-aux nsubj advmod dobj
company<-dep compound amod
material<-case cc conj det compound
pack<-nmod dobj
%<-cop nsubj nummod det compound:prt mark amod
gyrate<-advmod advcl
manager<-case cc nummod conj
addition<-case cc conj nmod:poss compound
operation<-dep compound nmod nsubj
predate<-dobj nsubj
range<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
eagerness<-det
file<-aux nsubj nmod mark
fraud<-case det amod
incidental<-advmod
scene<-det amod
pit<-compound
equal<-aux cop nmod advmod nsubj
believe<-nsubj cc neg ccomp aux conj
deserve<-xcomp nsubj advmod mark
continue<-dobj iobj nsubj
force<-cop nsubj acl nmod mark
water<-case det
Hixson<-compound
come<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
surprise<-cop nmod neg nsubj
crew<-nmod
bloc<-dep compound det amod
News<-dep det amod
filly<-nummod amod
craft<-dobj advmod mark
prerogative<-nmod:poss
Noriega<-cc conj nmod compound
Nathan<-case det
Italy<-case cc conj
undeterred<-dep nmod
abortion<-case cc conj amod
flee<-case nmod
realize<-xcomp nsubj
component<-dep cop det nmod
let<-dobj mark
resume<-case
nature<-case cc conj
notice<-ccomp nsubj
deep-seated<-advmod
forest<-det amod
Texas<-case nmod
get<-aux nsubj
jump<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
plan<-cop dep amod cc compound conj
shelf<-case det
team<-compound det acl amod
repeal<-advmod det nmod amod
understand/adopt<-nsubj dobj mark
car<-case compound amod
studio<-case dep nmod
Givaudan<-case
meaningless<-cc cop conj advcl nsubj
lobby<-case appos det amod
start<-cc conj nmod:tmod
insert<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
triple<-nmod
melt<-aux nmod neg nsubj
arbitrager<-dep
hurt<-auxpass nsubjpass advcl
increase<-aux nsubj dobj mark
MCA<-nsubj dobj mark
superb<-cop
chore<-case amod
refer<-advcl nmod mark
boost<-nsubj advmod dobj advcl aux mark
resource<-appos
act<-xcomp nsubj
1,300<-advmod
point<-nummod compound det amod
enough<-xcomp cop nsubj mark
battery<-det nmod
Mae<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
client<-dep appos
organization<-case det compound
story<-nmod compound
need<-dep xcomp advmod nsubj
margarine<-cc conj compound
speed<-cc conj
seniority<-case
helpful<-advcl aux cop nmod nsubj
make<-cc conj ccomp nsubj
pub<-det amod
rewarding<-advmod
address<-case advmod det acl:relcl amod
29<-case
incentive<-dep det
push<-det amod
individual<-det amod
$<-dep cop nummod nsubj
Rubel<-case compound
leave<-xcomp advmod dobj
make<-nsubj neg dobj advcl aux mark
age<-case advmod det nmod
be<-advcl advmod nmod:tmod nmod expl
decliner<-nmod
storm<-cc conj advmod nmod nsubj
puritanical<-advmod
Hemisphere<-case det amod
benefit<-nmod:poss
fireball<-case det
position<-ccomp nmod nsubj
Bristol<-case
store<-cop nsubj ccomp advmod mark
know<-xcomp nmod nsubj
section<-compound det nmod amod
hormone<-case det compound
conspiracy<-case acl
work<-xcomp aux advmod nmod
artifact<-case acl:relcl det amod
produce<-case det compound
therapy<-amod
aware<-cop nsubj nmod mark
send<-nsubj cc advmod nmod:tmod compound:prt aux conj dobj
focus<-aux nmod neg nsubj
observer<-dep amod
expense<-cc conj det nmod
aquarium<-det amod
announce<-dep nsubj dobj mark
goose<-cop compound nsubj det mark
report<-cc conj dobj mark
understand<-dep advmod nsubj
brewery<-case det
expect<-aux dobj nmod:tmod advmod nsubj
claimant<-case nmod
corporatism<-case
West<-appos compound
here<-nmod
staff<-det acl
attract<-parataxis dep dobj nsubj
Germany<-dep nmod compound
boost<-nsubj advmod dobj nmod mark
stocks.but<-case
do<-neg nsubj dobj
have<-dep aux dobj advcl nsubj
forthcoming<-aux cop neg nsubj
session<-case cc conj det
mixed<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
unify<-cop nsubj cc advmod nmod conj
fabrication<-case amod
Andreotti<-case compound
ball<-case det
charge<-case dep det amod
participant<-det nmod amod
appear<-dep advmod nsubj
Bullock<-case
incapable<-nmod
ton<-nmod
follow<-nsubj dobj nmod:tmod nmod mark
chairman<-det amod
doubt<-nsubj advmod ccomp
machine<-case cop det xcomp compound
47-year-old<-dep det
investigate<-dep cc conj dobj nsubj
bank<-case acl det amod
couple<-case amod
issue<-dep cop advmod nsubj
management<-nmod compound
rank<-xcomp cc conj nmod nsubj
wary<-advmod
look<-case det nmod
School<-case nmod:poss nmod compound
hail<-nmod nsubj
report<-dobj ccomp nsubj
spot<-dobj mark
pay<-xcomp dobj nsubj
hero<-cop acl:relcl det nmod nsubj
apply<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
Renault<-case
decelerate<-cop ccomp
Konheim<-case compound
AEG<-cc conj
drug<-cop nsubj dep nmod mark compound
rival<-nmod:poss acl
unit<-compound acl nmod amod
2179.1<-case
assume<-nsubj ccomp advcl
client<-acl:relcl nsubj
time<-case advmod nmod
diminish<-auxpass nsubjpass
chip<-case dep amod
Quebec<-case cc conj
Eckenfelder<-appos compound
gerrymandering<-amod
responsibility<-case cc conj nmod amod
month<-case nmod amod
crush<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod mark
see<-nmod:tmod nmod mark
admire<-nsubj mark
temblor<-acl:relcl det amod
warranty<-cc det nmod
35<-case advmod nmod
descendant<-cop acl:relcl det nmod
360<-advmod
spill<-case det compound
adversary<-det
open<-case
Food<-compound
renew<-aux advcl
series<-dep nummod
run<-auxpass nmod:tmod
rout<-case nmod:poss
profit<-dep cop compound
airline<-case compound det amod
english<-neg
witness<-cop advmod det acl:relcl
muni<-advmod
official<-dep nmod amod
skier<-case det amod
have<-advcl nsubj ccomp advmod mark
less<-dep advcl
approval<-acl:relcl nmod compound
number<-case nmod amod
owe<-advcl dobj nsubj
thought<-case acl:relcl
division<-nmod
weak<-aux cop advcl nsubj
cast-iron<-nsubj advmod ccomp
stake<-dep nmod:poss nmod
total<-dobj advmod nsubj
own<-xcomp nmod nsubj
drive<-case det
receive<-nmod:tmod nmod
Pictures<-acl:relcl compound
marketmaking<-case cc conj
renew<-case
know<-aux nsubj advcl dobj
fodder<-case nmod amod
Suisse<-case nmod compound
university<-nmod
say<-nsubj ccomp nmod:tmod advcl
large<-dep advmod
concern<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
costly<-advmod nmod
oppose<-cop nsubj nmod advmod ccomp
impeachment<-case nmod:poss compound
asset<-case cc conj nmod
put<-aux advmod compound:prt dobj nsubj
politicking<-compound
number<-cop nsubj mark
furlough<-case cc conj
block<-aux dobj nsubj
leader<-advmod det nmod mark
design<-case amod compound
level<-dep compound
fluid<-cop advmod ccomp
Hotels<-compound
prompt<-neg
action<-amod nmod nsubj
benefit<-case det nmod amod
republican<-case compound
indebted<-advmod
Bond<-compound
picture-taking<-nmod
God<-dep compound
know<-xcomp aux
engage<-ccomp nmod mark
file<-advmod det nmod amod
significant<-cop nsubj neg advmod nmod advcl aux
first<-cop ccomp
Tire<-cc dep conj compound
temporary<-aux cop advmod nsubj
snap<-dobj nsubj
add<-dep dobj nmod:tmod nmod mark
Board<-compound
admission<-case dep det
supplies<-nmod:poss
investor<-nmod:poss
print<-xcomp nsubj
4,830<-case
Sachs<-case compound
group<-case cc conj det compound
eliminate<-aux nsubj dobj advmod mark
increase<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
study<-det compound
niche<-compound nmod amod
privacy<-case
volatile<-dep cop advmod neg
tie<-case cc conj nmod
sell<-xcomp dobj
certain<-dep cop nsubj
franchiser<-case
provision<-dep det
crane<-advmod nmod dobj
quake<-case nummod det compound
Association<-case cc advmod det compound conj
definition<-det nmod acl
bring<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
sell-off<-det nmod amod
pig<-det nmod
Ethiopia<-case acl
describe<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
take<-cc aux conj dobj
proportion<-cop cc advmod amod advcl conj
act<-advmod nmod
steel<-case cc conj amod
foreigner<-compound
lawmaker<-case compound amod
mark<-nummod advmod
advice<-amod
tractor<-dep amod
agree<-cc ccomp nsubj
right<-cc cop conj nsubj
know<-aux nsubj
happen<-aux advmod ccomp nsubj
representative<-case det compound
catering<-nmod
minute<-nummod det amod
define<-auxpass advmod
obvious<-cop advmod det nsubj
convent<-det acl
end<-nsubj cc nmod compound:prt conj ccomp
amaze<-xcomp cop nmod nsubj
exercise<-nsubj neg nmod dobj aux mark
developer<-case cop advmod det amod acl:relcl compound
wipe<-aux compound:prt nmod nsubj
alter<-nsubj dep neg dobj aux mark
sandwich<-nmod amod
need<-advmod ccomp nsubj
role<-amod nmod nsubj
Jones<-case det compound
effort<-neg
situation<-case nummod det compound
regional<-cc conj
feature<-parataxis dobj nmod nsubj
pace<-nmod:poss nmod
comic<-det
cancel<-cc aux conj
provide<-nsubj
security<-case nmod amod
navy<-det compound
explosion<-dep det
outperform<-dobj iobj mark
300<-case dep
encumber<-cop nsubj nmod advmod mark
find<-aux dobj neg
part<-nmod:poss nmod
Italians<-case
increase<-case compound advmod amod
clause<-det amod
accord<-amod det det:predet
lawsuit<-nmod
day<-cop amod nmod nsubj
crucial<-cc cop conj nmod nsubj
let<-neg dobj nmod nsubj
stem<-xcomp cc conj nmod nsubj
ignore<-dobj nsubj
Ltd<-case compound
head<-cop nsubj nmod neg mark
guarantee<-case compound
reaffirm<-advcl dobj mark
crash<-nmod nsubj
catalog<-case cc conj
stay<-nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
sell<-dep compound:prt dobj mark
momentous<-advmod
pull<-advmod
3.56<-dep
corporation<-det compound
aspect<-nmod
postpone<-cop nsubj dep advmod nmod cc conj
account<-dep nmod compound
80,000<-case
product<-case nmod compound
Cleopatra<-case
voice<-det
equip<-advmod
attack<-aux dobj
trigger<-case dobj
response<-nummod
someone<-compound
insistence<-nmod:poss
comfortable<-dep nmod
owe<-nsubj dep dobj advcl aux mark
look<-nsubj nmod advcl
cause<-aux nsubj nmod advmod dobj
liberating<-cop nsubj cc cc:preconj mark conj
perception<-det
dog<-appos nmod:poss amod
tower<-compound amod
menswear<-case
drift<-det nmod compound
carry<-aux dobj compound:prt
unveil<-ccomp mark
gain<-compound det acl:relcl amod
reputation<-case
slide<-advcl dobj
violate<-xcomp aux nsubj nmod mark
full<-case
year<-cop ccomp det nmod amod
slow<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
run<-ccomp advmod compound:prt nmod nsubj
accomplish<-case ccomp mark
viewer<-cc acl:relcl
use<-aux nsubj advcl mark
powerhouse<-compound det amod
chief<-det nmod
Harriman<-compound
define<-dep dobj
97.85<-case
colleague<-nmod:poss nmod amod
type<-compound amod
theory<-dep det
higher<-nmod:npmod cop conj advmod cc
draft<-cop advmod nmod
solvent<-case amod
deposit<-case cc conj
dealer<-case amod
executive<-nummod acl:relcl nmod amod
document<-dobj mark
quarterly<-case det
personal-injury<-cc conj nmod:poss amod
proposition<-cop amod det nmod mark
fish<-case
outlay<-nmod
prefer<-aux ccomp nsubj
monopoly<-det
deny<-aux advmod dobj advcl nsubj
desolate<-advmod
Nazer<-appos compound
thrust<-det nmod
need<-nmod:poss amod
jump<-det
spot<-case compound
respond<-nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
time<-dep acl:relcl det nmod amod
Court<-case advmod compound
improvement<-nmod compound
one<-dep aux cop nmod nsubj
stall<-det compound
yen<-case cc nummod conj nmod:tmod
novelty<-case amod
cry<-case det nmod amod
pressure<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
bartering<-det
association<-det nmod
(<-nummod
follow<-parataxis aux advmod dobj nsubj
stream<-nummod
cheapest<-det nmod
go<-cc aux conj advmod nsubj
timberland<-amod
offer<-case compound
renew<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
Consortium<-acl:relcl nmod:poss compound
institution<-case appos nmod:poss amod
weak<-cop nsubj cc mark dep conj
negotiate<-nmod nsubj
registration<-det nmod compound
pair<-nmod ccomp
introduction<-nmod:poss nmod
specify<-advmod nmod nsubj
fail<-nsubj ccomp mark
IBM<-compound
addition<-nmod:poss
deliver<-ccomp dobj
lock<-advmod compound:prt nmod dobj nsubj
2135.5<-case
provide<-xcomp nmod nsubj
appear<-xcomp cc conj advmod nsubj
post<-aux dobj nmod neg nsubj
dry<-nmod
describe<-ccomp nsubj
decline<-xcomp advcl expl
population<-nummod
indicate<-advcl advmod nsubj
statement<-case advmod det amod
decline<-case det compound
waiver<-aux advmod nmod neg nsubj
bay<-case det nmod
511/2<-dep compound
accept<-ccomp
purchase<-cc conj dobj nmod mark
divert<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
outlook<-dep det
catch<-cc conj dobj mark
operate<-aux advcl neg nsubj
influence<-nmod nsubj
work<-advcl advmod compound:prt dobj nsubj
attend<-nsubj dobj mark
masseur<-det nmod
perform<-advcl
pay<-aux advmod dobj nmod compound:prt
convenience<-dep advmod dobj auxpass nsubjpass mark
profit<-case nmod:poss compound
remembrance<-case nmod
hide<-dobj nmod mark
computer<-cc conj nmod
busy<-nmod:tmod
edge<-det
company<-cc conj det
overbuilt<-case det compound
cycle<-nmod compound
cost<-amod nmod compound
find<-aux ccomp nmod nsubj
use<-parataxis advcl dobj nsubj
decade<-acl:relcl
cell<-advmod compound
guide<-xcomp nmod dobj
account<-advcl mark
quickly<-mark
convince<-cc cop ccomp parataxis nsubj
get<-advcl dobj nsubj
short<-case cc conj
be<-dep neg nsubj expl mark
range<-case nmod amod
ruble<-case det amod
issue<-dobj ccomp mark
prescription<-case det
disappointment<-cop amod det nsubj
venture<-case compound nmod amod
ease<-nmod mark
important<-advcl cop nsubj advmod mark
abuse<-case compound
shantytown<-cop det nmod
pesticide<-cc conj
late<-cop nsubj
rating<-case advmod det amod
disclosure<-nmod:poss nmod
resignation<-case cc conj nmod:poss
pay<-xcomp dep
Brotherhood<-case nmod compound
pool<-case cc conj
cocaine.information<-nmod
consensus<-neg det nmod amod
numerator<-det nmod
package<-nmod
compensate<-auxpass advcl
Sasea<-case
harm<-amod
label<-case amod compound
fall<-case nmod:poss amod
consumer<-cc conj det compound
derive<-compound
sentiment<-case amod
metal<-dep amod
unleash<-nsubj advmod dobj mark
monitor<-advcl
buy<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
course<-case nmod compound
governor<-dep advmod det compound
know<-ccomp nmod:tmod nsubj
require<-xcomp aux conj cc nsubj
aim<-nmod nsubj
pay<-nsubj advmod nmod mark
15.375<-dep advmod
Aoun<-compound
issue<-dep cop nmod:poss amod
permit<-aux advmod nsubj neg mark
match<-aux nsubj dobj nmod advcl
turn<-xcomp aux nmod mark
landing<-case det amod
would-be<-advmod
expect<-nsubj dobj mark
damage<-advmod nmod amod
quarterback<-dep
wait<-nmod mark
lower<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj conj
dock<-case det compound
recover<-aux nsubj dobj mark
Bridge<-case cc conj det compound
intimidating<-advmod
two-third<-cc dep nmod
border<-nmod:poss
stream<-det nmod amod
protect<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
advance<-parataxis nmod dobj
confident<-cc conj advmod nmod
power<-advmod nmod:poss acl:relcl
note<-ccomp mark
mitigate<-ccomp
Rose<-compound
concern<-dep nmod:poss nmod
import<-cop det nmod mark
tie<-aux nmod mark
refuse<-cc dobj nsubj
devote<-nsubj neg dobj advcl aux mark
Weil<-case cc conj
Taxation<-case compound
go<-aux dobj neg nsubj
hypothetical<-dep dobj nsubj
audio-specialty<-case dep nmod:poss nmod amod
phrasing<-det amod
launch<-case nmod:poss
approve<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
market<-case appos compound det amod
charge<-aux dobj iobj nsubj
Republicans<-compound
wrong<-nmod:npmod cop nsubj nmod mark
Chevy<-nummod det
professional<-advmod
directorate<-case det amod
projection<-nsubj
maybe<-nmod
painful<-cop nmod
syndrome<-case nummod det compound
plan<-case dep det nmod compound
win<-nsubj neg advmod dobj aux compound:prt
procedure<-compound amod
impede<-dobj advmod mark
AZT<-appos det compound
standing<-aux
agreement<-case dep compound advmod amod
committee<-case det nmod compound
case<-nmod acl
mark<-case nummod advmod nmod
ask<-advcl
assign<-aux dobj
Orkem<-amod
live<-aux compound:prt nsubj
related<-auxpass mark
fly<-advcl nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
liquidity<-det nmod
revamping<-case det nmod
child<-acl:relcl
suit<-nmod:poss nmod
staff<-xcomp nsubj mark
engineer<-acl:relcl det amod
crackdown<-case det nmod compound
market<-case appos
establish<-nsubj neg dobj advcl aux mark
instructor<-case nmod amod
back<-advmod dobj nsubj
surprise<-cop nmod nsubj
twice<-dep nmod
lease<-advcl dobj nmod mark
order<-case dep compound
month<-case dep det
insulator<-cop acl:relcl det amod
someone<-case acl
fall<-dep advmod nsubj
comment<-neg
widely<-cop ccomp nsubj
eat<-dep advmod nmod nsubj
alliance<-compound nmod:poss amod
show<-acl:relcl det nmod
impede<-dobj
intervention<-compound
cornucopia<-case det nmod
hang<-nsubj nmod mark
young<-cc conj advmod
Voice<-case det nmod
prone<-xcomp cop advmod nmod nsubj
FTC<-det acl
8<-cop nsubj nmod advmod mark
excuse<-det nmod amod
modernization<-case det nmod amod
engage<-dep nsubj nmod mark
opt<-dep nmod nsubj
hazard<-det nmod
ring<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
foil<-advcl dobj mark
reduce<-cc advmod ccomp nsubj
neighborhood<-nummod compound
pilot<-case dep nummod conj cc
gambling<-case
attack<-case nmod:poss amod
50<-dep advmod nmod
Investments<-cc conj compound
physical<-advcl dobj nsubj
purchase<-acl:relcl
makeup<-det amod
merger<-det nmod amod
Trinen<-appos compound
Blaine<-case det compound
attempt<-case advmod nmod:poss acl
one<-cc conj advmod
exceed<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
get<-nsubj neg nmod compound:prt aux ccomp
doubt<-nsubj dobj mark
insert<-compound amod
Hugo<-appos compound
relieve<-dobj mark
either<-dep cop conj cc nsubj
management<-det amod
Nissan<-appos
siren<-dep amod
figure<-advmod det amod
quantity<-det
phrase<-case det nmod amod
restrict<-ccomp
insult<-aux cop det nmod nsubj
buy<-nsubj cc neg dobj aux conj
company<-cc cop conj acl:relcl amod
line<-cc det nmod amod compound conj
bunch<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
Renault<-case cc conj cc:preconj
bid<-cc conj
help<-xcomp aux csubj mark
year.Lotus<-case acl:relcl det amod
election<-case nmod:poss amod
{<-case nmod compound
reason<-cop amod det nmod neg
grow<-advcl
pitch<-case compound amod
press<-nmod ccomp
mega-issue<-det nmod
sign<-ccomp
have<-xcomp aux conj cc
debenture<-amod
large<-cop nsubj
grab<-dobj mark
0.63<-advmod
implement<-advmod dobj nsubj
Chevrolet<-case cc conj
supplier<-nmod:poss nmod amod
Deloitte<-case det compound
deeply<-nmod:npmod
levy<-nmod dobj
bondholder<-amod
network<-case nummod nmod:poss
overreact<-cc aux conj nmod nsubj
announce<-advmod ccomp nmod:tmod nsubj
583/4<-dep compound
liability<-cc conj
wait<-cop nsubj nmod advcl
well<-dep
CDs<-case amod
Kai-shek<-case appos compound
control<-dobj advmod mark
sponsor<-xcomp
settlement<-case cc conj nmod
January<-case appos
designer<-det nmod
nod<-nmod
attachment<-nmod amod
call<-dep advmod nsubj
police<-case dep conj cc
brief<-dobj nmod mark
California<-cc conj
Virginia<-case nmod compound
find<-aux dobj nmod neg nsubj
widen<-advcl
flat<-cop nsubj
freeholder<-acl amod
people<-case acl:relcl amod
refocus<-nmod
workstation<-case cc conj det compound
Meek<-compound
include<-dep nmod nsubj
Inc.<-case det compound
strength<-cop advmod nmod neg
Sumita<-case compound
structure<-aux discourse cop acl nsubj
economics<-det
4.92<-nmod
pap<-det amod
prediction<-dep nmod:poss
Volokh<-cc conj compound
attach<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj aux
system<-case appos det amod
such<-dep cop nsubj mark
FBI<-case compound
accumulate<-advmod nsubj
build<-xcomp mark
program<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
Whitbread<-compound
valid<-advmod
home<-case cc conj amod
get<-compound:prt dobj nmod mark
paper<-cc conj nmod:poss nmod amod
anyone<-amod
clean<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
cover<-cop
sell<-xcomp nsubj cc advmod aux conj
1955<-case
buy<-dep dobj
prepare<-xcomp cop advcl
image<-case nmod:poss compound
street<-case cc det nmod amod conj
Braitman<-appos compound
misdeed<-case compound
lucky<-cop nmod mark
ignore<-ccomp nsubj dobj advcl
drink<-dep dobj
say<-parataxis nsubj advcl
light<-dobj advmod mark
plane<-case cc conj compound
portrayal<-parataxis cop nsubj det nmod amod
outlay<-det amod
gene<-acl:relcl det amod
disruption<-cop nsubj cc nmod amod aux conj
use<-aux nmod dobj
Vie<-cc conj compound
power<-compound det amod
spend<-advmod dobj mark
forbid<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
skeptical<-advmod nmod nsubj
resign<-cop nmod
mean<-aux nsubj ccomp neg mark
form<-case compound amod
mousse<-compound
Dole<-cc cop conj compound nsubj
Associates<-appos nmod:poss compound
1.54<-dep
protector<-case det nmod
premiere<-nmod
purchase<-dep nmod amod
many<-cop cc neg advmod expl aux conj
jury-rig<-nsubj ccomp
song<-dep det
trail<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
product<-cc conj acl amod
estimate<-nummod compound
loss<-nmod nsubj
obstacle<-dep det amod
woe<-case nmod:poss
10125/32<-case
loft<-case det nmod
U.K.<-advmod det
list<-amod nmod compound
no.<-advcl auxpass dobj mark
time<-ccomp
resolve<-aux nmod nsubj
nine<-nmod
Lynch<-case cc conj appos compound
prosecution<-nmod:poss nmod
franchiser<-det nmod
parallel<-advmod det amod
join<-ccomp nsubj
grandparent<-case amod
weaker<-cc conj
list<-case dep det nmod
SOCIETY<-case det compound
improviser<-dep det nmod amod
gain<-advmod nmod compound
world<-acl:relcl amod
stifle<-dobj
grandmotherly<-dep ccomp
term<-cc case nmod
lower<-nmod dobj
dressmaking<-nmod amod
strive<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
comedian<-dobj nmod mark
gain<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
rose<-cc conj
use<-aux nsubj advcl dobj
drop<-cop nsubj neg det amod aux
halt<-cc conj
police<-case cc conj compound amod
self-congratulatory<-dep amod
arrive<-mark
assessment<-case nmod:poss nmod
medicine<-amod
session<-case
desert<-case dep det
clear<-advcl cop advmod neg nsubj
high<-case cop nsubj advmod det amod
firm<-case appos compound det amod
area<-cc conj compound det amod
clip<-nmod
go<-cc aux conj compound:prt nsubj
alternative<-det
blow<-dobj
figure<-nummod acl:relcl compound
have<-cc dobj mark
7.52<-cc conj
system<-dep nmod:poss amod
irish<-dep advmod dobj
gain<-nmod:tmod dobj
industrialist<-advmod det
acknowledge<-nsubj advmod dobj mark
Agents<-det nmod compound
game<-cc case acl:relcl det amod
lower<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
Cincinnati<-dobj nmod nsubj
quote<-dep auxpass nmod
metal<-case cc conj acl:relcl amod
analysis<-amod
arrangement<-case dep det det:predet
stock<-case appos compound
level<-case nmod:poss
clear<-nmod:npmod
thinking<-det nmod amod
yield<-nmod:poss
sit<-nsubj cc advmod compound:prt conj mark
revival<-cop nsubj dep det amod acl
worth<-dep aux nsubj advcl mark
novel<-dep nmod:poss amod
sprinkle<-cc conj dobj compound:prt nsubj
Earth<-nmod
acquire<-xcomp mark
time-poor<-cop nsubj
}<-auxpass ccomp mark
implement<-dep cop advmod
competition<-advmod det amod
finger<-xcomp nsubj advmod mark
remodeling<-nmod
emergence<-det nmod amod
cause<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
243,677<-det nmod amod
assign<-xcomp
distribute<-aux cop nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
trade<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
fail<-nsubj nmod mark
attach<-ccomp nsubj
KGB<-det
collect<-dobj nmod mark
amass<-dobj mark
spirit<-case compound
Taiwan.Others<-dep
Cuisine<-case compound
salary<-case nmod:poss
reputation<-det
budget<-case nmod:poss nmod
take<-parataxis nsubj neg advmod dobj aux
plan<-nummod det
animal<-case nmod
car<-case advmod
chairman<-dep cc conj
boost<-xcomp nmod:tmod nsubj
goings-on<-det amod
better<-nmod:npmod nmod
sliver<-det
forecasting<-case cop advmod compound
lawn<-case det amod
readmit<-advmod dobj mark
injury<-nummod
seem<-xcomp parataxis nsubj
sustain<-nsubj nmod mark
Castillo<-advmod compound
criticize<-cc advcl dobj nsubj
sing<-dep nsubj mark
Starzl<-appos compound
achieve<-aux ccomp nmod dobj
Russians<-dep cc det
help<-cc conj dobj nmod mark
purchase<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
strike<-dobj nsubj
be<-aux nsubj ccomp advmod dobj
clean<-dep
turn<-aux nmod compound:prt
141/8<-dep compound
draft<-advmod dobj mark
point<-dobj compound:prt
crane<-dep amod
time<-cc conj advcl amod
idea<-nmod:poss nmod
contingent<-cop nmod nsubj
range<-dobj nmod nsubj
Somoza<-case nmod:poss compound
grow<-aux advcl nsubj
O'Kicki<-nummod nmod compound
run<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
flame<-case cc conj det amod
Addison<-cc conj cc:preconj compound
approach<-dobj
move<-case det
Merieux<-case compound
prop<-dep nummod amod
scam<-dobj nsubj
disclose<-dep dobj nmod mark
newsprint<-case
Sikes<-appos nmod compound
Lloyd<-case appos
neither<-dep cop conj cc nsubj
discover<-nmod
maid<-det nmod
site<-case det amod
change<-nmod:poss compound
magazine<-compound det acl:relcl amod
Sverdlovsk<-dep
role<-case compound det nmod amod
two<-cc conj det amod
way<-case aux cop det nsubj
tumor<-nmod:poss
team<-case det acl
ominously<-advmod
haste<-xcomp nsubj mark
Canada<-case nmod
threat<-det nmod det:predet
yen<-cc conj det amod
brine<-case
principal<-case
toilet<-det amod
approach<-dep cc conj dobj
nut<-cc conj det nmod
loser<-case det
rumor<-cop advmod nmod
worker<-dep
assess<-nmod dobj
work<-ccomp nmod nsubj
instruction<-case acl:relcl compound
room<-advmod nmod amod
raise<-xcomp advmod nsubj
fire<-cop nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
prominence<-case
Blacks<-cc conj
trading<-compound det amod
droppable<-cc cop conj nsubj
path<-case det amod
follow<-dep nmod dobj
dolphin<-nummod
british<-nmod dobj
ingest<-nsubj dep advmod dobj aux mark
dominate<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
feel<-aux nmod nsubj
decline<-dep compound
unit<-nummod nmod
enhance<-aux nsubj dobj mark
night<-acl:relcl det
6.69<-dep cop det amod
pick<-aux nmod neg nsubj
indicate<-nsubj dobj nmod advcl
longer<-nmod:npmod
increase<-nsubj cc neg dobj aux conj
Sutro<-case
catch<-dobj
predict<-advmod dobj
chain<-det nmod compound
intent<-advmod nmod
suggest<-advmod ccomp mark
seem<-xcomp advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
idea<-ccomp amod
he<-case cop advmod nsubj
price<-nmod nsubj
sale<-case dep det amod
detail<-det amod
enable<-xcomp
detest<-advmod dobj nsubj
forget<-dobj nsubj
success<-nmod:poss acl
fad<-det
item<-case det compound
Stjernsward<-case nmod compound
service<-nmod:poss nmod
municipality<-nmod nsubj
announce<-aux nmod mark
enter<-nsubj cc nmod dep aux conj
engineer<-nummod amod
account<-case compound det nmod amod
%<-cc nummod advmod conj nmod
director<-cc conj nmod
help<-cc aux advmod dobj nsubj
merchant<-det
Trading<-case cc conj compound
resign<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
speculation<-cc conj amod
criminal<-ccomp
company<-nummod det nmod
probe<-det amod
add<-dep nmod nsubj
range<-dep det nmod compound
policy<-dep compound
interview<-compound
house<-dep advmod dobj
style<-cop compound nsubj
Hanson<-nmod
commit<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
smell<-amod det compound
scale<-cop advmod mark
have<-dep cc conj nsubj dobj
computer<-case appos amod
Greece<-case
control<-advmod dobj mark
flashpoint<-case cop det nmod
public<-case det compound
seizure<-case
Sotheby<-case compound
Walesa<-compound
pop<-advmod mark
dwarf<-det amod
match<-aux nmod neg nsubj
reserve<-case det nmod
commitment<-cop nsubj dep neg det compound
thing<-case det amod
guidance<-dep
visit<-case det nmod amod
form<-case det amod
adjust<-aux nmod nsubj
change<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
hard<-nmod:npmod
tower<-case det nmod compound
sprinkle<-dobj nmod nsubj
earthquake<-case acl:relcl det amod
say<-nsubj nmod mark
sell<-dep nsubj advcl dobj
cost<-cc conj nmod
setback<-case det
safety<-acl det amod
9.32<-dep
call<-cc conj nsubj dobj advcl
forecast<-nmod:poss
293/4<-case cc conj
mete<-dobj compound:prt
rent<-det compound
remain<-xcomp nsubj ccomp mark
UBS-Phillips<-case cc conj det compound
recorder<-case
deficit<-case
$<-case nummod advmod acl:relcl
student<-case nmod amod
rights<-case det amod
1<-case dep det nmod
regain<-dobj advmod mark
give<-aux nmod dobj
Challenger<-cc conj
start<-advmod compound:prt nmod:tmod nsubj
male<-case cc conj
prompt<-cc conj
important<-cop nsubj mark
force<-dobj mark
source<-det amod
do<-cc aux dobj nmod neg
middleman<-dep
cost<-xcomp dobj
curb<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj conj
soar<-aux nmod nsubj
adjustment<-compound
look<-nsubj neg dobj advcl aux mark
statement<-compound
image<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
recover<-nsubj dobj mark
exporter<-dep nmod:poss amod
turn<-det nmod
vehicle<-nmod:poss nmod amod
response<-det compound
payout<-det det:predet
defer<-nsubj dobj mark
mound<-det
effect<-compound amod
moderate<-cc conj
week<-amod det compound
generate<-aux advmod dobj neg
swiftly<-dep nmod
surtax<-case cc conj
resist<-nsubj nmod mark
remain<-xcomp dep
specialize<-ccomp
fail<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
Emery<-case
contribute<-dep nmod nsubj
experience<-nmod
counter<-dobj nmod mark
contribute<-xcomp nmod nsubj
challenge<-aux advcl nmod cop
convert<-dep aux nmod
shop<-case
continue<-advcl dobj mark
cash<-dep nmod:poss compound
security<-case cc conj compound
1.23<-dep
lead<-aux nsubj nmod dobj
Cross<-compound det amod
appease<-xcomp mark
tone<-det nmod amod
4<-dep
garden<-det compound
engine<-case det compound
crop<-appos det compound
clean<-advcl dobj compound:prt
3.85<-dep
Gandhi<-case acl:relcl compound
Belgium<-dep parataxis
remark<-dep nmod:poss
quote<-xcomp auxpass advmod nmod
Casey<-cc conj compound amod
estimate<-advcl nmod nsubj
Lloyd<-case acl:relcl
mass-merchandise<-case appos det
tourist<-dep advmod
succeed<-aux ccomp nsubj compound:prt mark
{<-cc advmod nmod dobj dep conj
monitor<-dobj nmod nsubj
pickup<-cc conj nmod:poss nmod
midtown<-case
model<-compound det nmod amod
cut<-dep advmod dobj nmod nsubj
fan<-nmod compound
control<-nmod:poss nmod
seat<-case det nmod
mafia<-det amod
succeed<-nsubj mark
raise<-aux nsubj
fail<-advmod nsubj
feel<-cc aux conj dobj neg
track<-cc advmod acl:relcl compound
kilometer<-det
register<-xcomp nmod nsubj
Kageyama<-dep compound
School<-compound
creator<-dep nmod
grow<-xcomp nmod nsubj
pile<-cop det nmod nsubj
880<-case cc conj
use<-aux cop advmod advcl nsubj
blow<-cc conj dobj nmod compound:prt
leave<-dep xcomp iobj dobj
accuse<-cop advmod advcl
attack<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
WTI<-case
vision<-nmod:poss nmod
wheat<-case
inaccessible<-cop advmod nmod advcl
link<-xcomp mark
currently<-ccomp nsubj
prisoner<-dep compound det nmod amod
consider<-nsubj neg advmod nmod dobj aux
adjective<-case det amod
Block<-case
keep<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
he<-cop nsubj
develop<-cc conj dobj advmod mark
merge<-aux advmod dobj advcl nsubj
at<-cc mwe advcl
volume<-nmod:poss nmod amod
voter<-compound
fact<-dep cop det
say<-cc conj advmod nmod dobj
jolt<-dep dobj
planner<-amod det acl:relcl compound
$<-nummod advmod nmod amod
asian<-case dep nummod amod
agree<-advmod mark
display<-case det
unrest<-case amod
wool<-compound
39.55<-case
retreat<-det compound
woman<-ccomp nsubj
perform<-dobj
volunteer<-ccomp nsubj
encompass<-dobj
knead<-advmod nmod nsubj
delivery<-amod
law<-case cc conj
strike<-cc advmod nmod nsubj
third<-nmod compound
likelihood<-case det
sit<-nmod advcl
carry-forward<-case det nmod amod
gain<-compound nmod:poss amod
tell<-dep aux dobj nmod nsubj
98<-case
declare<-ccomp
hotel-casino<-det nmod
country<-amod compound
Water<-cop nsubj cc amod compound aux conj
condition<-case det amod
Intermediate<-dep compound
bog<-dobj compound:prt
apply<-advcl nmod mark
lag<-xcomp nsubj
succeed<-advcl
coupe<-case compound det amod
work<-case nummod amod
standing<-advmod nmod:poss
belly-flop<-advmod
issue<-case amod det det:predet
fall<-case nmod:poss
Ignatius<-case compound
Zweibel<-compound
injure<-cc aux conj cop nsubj
brush<-advmod dobj compound:prt
prepare<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
lock<-aux compound:prt nmod nsubj
Director<-appos nmod:poss nmod compound
obtain<-aux nsubj
chapter<-cop nsubj advmod det nmod amod acl:relcl
{<-advmod ccomp
try<-dobj mark
support<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
Friday<-case dep nummod
memorabilia<-case nmod:poss
candidate<-cc conj advmod amod
order<-det nmod compound
college<-det nmod
magnate<-acl:relcl det compound
way<-case acl:relcl det amod
overlook<-dobj mark
8,524<-case
D.<-case det compound
bump<-case det nmod amod
grow<-ccomp nsubj
return<-xcomp aux advmod neg nsubj
pocket<-dobj mark
manager<-cc conj compound
backlog<-nmod:poss nmod compound
maverick<-cc cop amod det nsubj
check<-dobj iobj mark
window<-case cop dep advmod det amod
unblock<-dep nmod dobj
filch<-xcomp nsubj mark
plane<-case compound
victor<-cc det amod dep compound conj
remain<-nsubj cc advmod nmod aux conj
begin<-aux ccomp nsubj
criticize<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass advcl
code<-case amod
restrict<-nmod
strip<-cc conj dobj compound:prt
name<-nsubj ccomp mark
policy<-dep nmod
wiggle<-nmod nsubj
Berkeley<-case appos compound
hand<-cop acl:relcl det
continue<-advmod
appoint<-dobj
carry-forward<-det nmod amod
identification<-nmod amod
astound<-dep dobj nsubj
stop<-cc conj mark
remain<-ccomp nmod nsubj
secretary<-compound
one<-cc cop conj nmod nsubj
East<-cc conj det
aim<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
offer<-aux cop nmod nsubj
friendly<-case cop ccomp
act<-aux nsubj advmod mark
timetable<-det compound
five<-case dep conj cc
minister<-dep compound amod
it<-cop advmod
concentrated<-advmod nmod ccomp auxpass nsubjpass mark
(<-cop compound nmod nsubj
yesterday<-cop cc nummod advmod amod compound
Tuesday<-case nmod
Robertson<-amod compound
school<-xcomp nsubj
photo<-cc conj nmod amod
software<-case acl:relcl det amod
microeconomic<-acl:relcl
force<-aux compound:prt nmod nsubj
tame<-dep nsubj
Regal<-dep compound
use<-aux advcl nsubj
constant<-nmod:npmod
see<-nsubj ccomp advcl
buy<-dep cop amod nmod nsubj
Secord<-case compound
Semel<-case compound
event<-compound
studio<-case dep det
406<-dep nmod compound
feel<-cc acl:relcl
sue<-advcl dobj mark
name-dropping<-case
impasse<-det nmod amod
cynical<-cc conj
biggest<-dep det
shift<-dobj mark
buyer<-cc conj
get<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
report<-aux nsubj dobj mark
card<-case amod
trail<-ccomp nmod nsubj
produce<-aux dobj
circle<-amod det compound
reach<-aux nmod nmod:tmod neg nsubj
seven<-case cc conj
lose<-compound:prt
time<-cc conj nmod:poss
water<-cc conj det amod
rewrite<-dep aux auxpass nmod
crash<-case dep det compound
come<-cc conj dobj mark
A<-det
have<-xcomp cc conj mark
horizon<-nmod:poss amod
Stoltz<-compound
Crandall<-compound
set<-case
target<-det nmod compound
sentiment<-dep
Chancellor<-appos det amod
Waltana<-cop dep advmod det dobj acl:relcl
relax<-cc auxpass nsubjpass
leader<-case advmod acl:relcl nmod
rest<-dobj nmod mark
claim<-nsubj ccomp advcl
have<-aux nsubj dobj advmod advcl
fund<-cop det nmod compound
sell<-mark dobj nsubj
luminary<-case nmod amod
total<-cc conj dobj nsubj
choice<-case compound
ask<-nmod dobj
sleep<-aux advcl nmod nsubj
Globe<-case cc conj nmod:poss
aim<-cop acl
announcement<-case nummod nmod:poss nmod compound
squall<-case nmod
rescue<-dobj
boomer<-case compound
display<-aux ccomp nsubj
outgain<-dep compound det amod
moonie<-acl:relcl
money<-nsubj
survivor<-det amod
emerge<-advmod nmod nsubj
pride<-case amod
have<-case iobj nmod dobj
conflict<-amod
right<-cop advmod nmod
rhetoric<-nmod:poss amod
Dictaphone<-case appos
Sohmer<-compound
Hippie<-case det compound
business<-acl:relcl det nmod compound
report<-xcomp nsubj advmod compound:prt aux mark
31<-case
dustbin<-case acl:relcl det nmod amod
money<-cop cc advmod nmod amod conj
shrivel<-nmod
w<-case det
conclusion<-compound det acl:relcl amod
race<-advmod det amod
image<-cc conj det amod
cord<-appos det compound
567/8<-dep compound
vacant<-cop advmod ccomp
allow<-xcomp advmod nmod nsubj
49<-case
nearly<-nmod:npmod nmod
camp<-case cc conj advmod
regard<-aux nsubj advcl mark
speak<-advmod
competitor<-case compound nmod amod
present<-cop advmod
refuse<-xcomp nsubj cc advmod aux conj
employ<-cc advcl dobj nmod nsubj
customer<-nmod amod
)<-cc conj compound
tolerable<-cop nmod
receive<-dep advmod nsubj
retain<-dep nsubj dobj mark
capital<-dep cc compound
Houston<-case compound
partnership<-cc conj compound
care<-aux nmod neg nsubj
face<-aux nsubj dobj advcl mark
shelf<-case det nmod
miserable<-cop
neck<-cc conj
volume<-det nmod compound
backfire<-aux advcl nsubj
attitude<-det
station<-nummod compound
creature<-case det
tell<-cc conj advmod mark
professor<-cc conj det nmod compound
Associates<-case compound
turbulence<-case compound nmod:poss amod
measure<-det det:predet
turbulence<-det
more<-case nmod:npmod
payroll<-case nmod:poss compound
buffet<-auxpass nmod
attack<-cop det nmod amod
rebind<-dep aux dobj nsubj
Marshall<-case det
glow<-nsubj
transform<-auxpass nmod
now<-advcl
hold<-cc dobj advcl aux conj compound:prt
gun<-det nmod compound
signify<-dep aux neg nsubj
bourbon<-nmod
complete<-cop nmod
learn<-nsubj dep advmod nmod advcl aux
follow<-aux dobj nmod neg nsubj
partnership<-case nmod:poss amod
court<-acl:relcl det
suggest<-aux ccomp neg nsubj
officer<-appos nmod:poss amod
big<-cc cop conj parataxis
develop<-case xcomp advmod
come<-nsubj compound:prt advmod mark
travel<-nsubj dobj
sketchy<-dep advmod
Hitler<-case
delegate<-nummod compound
suppose<-xcomp auxpass nmod
interview<-case compound amod
2,700<-advmod
want<-xcomp aux nsubj advcl
kidnap<-case nummod compound
relationship<-nmod amod
art<-case acl:relcl amod
knight<-det
privilege<-nummod compound det amod
publishing<-cc conj compound
artist<-det compound
pressure<-cop nmod acl
begin<-xcomp aux advmod
bar<-dep dobj nsubj
sweater<-case cc conj amod
time<-case cop ccomp nsubj
reader<-nsubj
order<-acl:relcl
gas<-det amod
science<-case det nmod amod
lobby<-dep aux nmod
clear<-dobj ccomp nsubj
beneficiary<-case det
receipt<-case
fly<-cc nmod nsubj
innovation<-case det det:predet
passage<-case nmod
operator<-compound det amod
felony<-ccomp nsubj
handle<-dobj nmod mark
hew<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
dream<-acl det amod
reveal<-xcomp
disturb<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
damper<-det amod
Trinity<-dep det
penny<-case nummod nmod
thief<-det amod
stride<-amod
smoke<-nsubj ccomp nmod advmod mark
Rianta<-compound
discrepancy<-det nmod amod
Francis<-det compound
infrastructure<-amod
happen<-aux nsubj
utility<-det nmod
expand<-nsubj
margin<-case nummod det
Trabold<-appos det compound
scorn<-advmod ccomp nsubj
tumble<-nmod nsubj
right<-cop advmod acl:relcl amod neg
people<-case nummod nmod:poss
wait-and-see<-cop nmod
prodding<-nmod mark
product<-case det nmod amod
conglomerate<-amod nmod:poss compound
second<-cop nsubj det nmod amod aux
Oranjemund<-cc acl:relcl
reason<-case dep compound
bill<-dep advmod det
Mulhouse<-case
disclose<-xcomp nsubj mark
anticipate<-dobj
rise<-nsubj cc neg advmod aux conj
bombshell<-cop det:predet det nsubj
ghetto<-case
demand<-case det
fund<-case appos compound
most<-case dep nmod
spending<-case advmod compound
maxim<-det nmod
seek<-advmod
Texans<-cop compound acl:relcl amod mark
file<-advcl dobj nsubj
slash<-xcomp advcl
commence<-nmod dobj
18,000<-advmod nmod
inquiry<-dep
spar<-case dep nummod det compound
activate<-parataxis advmod nsubj
monitor<-nsubj cc advmod dobj aux conj
agent<-det
enforce<-dobj nsubj
look<-xcomp aux advmod neg nsubj
offset<-ccomp
wire<-cc conj
flat<-cc cop conj nsubj
selling<-case det nmod compound
ride<-dobj compound:prt nmod nsubj
find<-aux nmod ccomp
begining<-case det nmod
hold<-aux advcl dobj
bring<-ccomp nmod advmod nsubj
outline<-dobj nmod nsubj
mark<-case compound det nmod amod
lure<-dobj compound:prt nmod mark
do<-aux advmod nsubj nmod advcl
44<-nmod
track<-nmod amod
crash<-case nummod det nmod compound
spawn<-dobj
weakness<-nmod:poss
Crusaders<-case amod
knit<-nsubj dep nmod dobj cc aux conj
official<-acl:relcl amod
Pharmaceuticals<-case det compound
attractive<-nmod nsubj
distributed.but<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod mark
have<-xcomp dep ccomp dobj nsubj
get<-nsubj dobj nmod:tmod mark
Serkin<-case cc det amod compound conj
pour<-nsubj neg nmod ccomp aux dobj
poll<-compound amod
announce<-cc conj nmod:tmod dobj
discrepancy<-dep det
always<-advmod
supervision<-case advmod nmod amod
Bancorp<-nmod compound
philosophical<-cop advmod nmod
satisfaction<-cop advmod det nmod
decrease<-det
rate<-nummod det compound
odds<-dep det
promise<-ccomp det amod
user<-det nmod det:predet
College<-det nmod compound
essential<-cop ccomp nsubj
nothing<-dep cop nmod mark
posting<-nmod
senator<-case nmod
well-known<-cc cop conj dep nsubj
tro<-det
coverage<-cc conj compound
case<-case appos nmod:poss
service<-compound nmod:poss amod
slam<-case dep advmod compound
eat<-aux neg nsubj
Delta<-compound
project<-case nummod nmod
fusion<-case amod
assurance<-compound
magazine<-case amod
mislay<-cc cop conj advmod mark
year<-case cc nummod conj amod
fund<-case dep nmod:poss compound
Industries<-dep nmod compound
however<-dep
march<-xcomp advmod nmod nsubj
afternoon<-case compound amod
assimilate<-dobj nmod mark
convincing<-dobj
Lipstein<-compound
hopelessly<-advmod
outbreak<-nummod det nmod compound
lock<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
dead<-nmod
bully<-case det amod
outweigh<-dobj nsubj
activity<-cop nsubj cc advmod det amod
afraid<-cop nmod
say<-advcl dobj nsubj
compromise<-cop nmod
help<-aux advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
client<-det nmod compound
wonder<-dep advmod nmod mark auxpass nsubjpass
rumor<-nmod
sale<-case acl amod
buy<-aux nsubj dobj advcl mark
district<-case acl:relcl det
Act<-compound det amod
pocket<-dobj nmod mark
policy<-case compound det nmod amod
import<-compound amod
prescription<-cop nmod neg
van<-det
leader<-compound amod
certain<-cop advmod neg
save<-aux advmod iobj dobj nsubj
search<-dep nmod compound
month<-case acl:relcl det amod
software<-case nmod amod
push<-nmod
low<-dep cop advmod nmod
disarmament<-case
shape<-aux dobj csubj nsubj
300,000<-nmod
appearance<-nsubj ccomp mark
include<-dep advcl dobj nsubj
1984<-case dep nummod nmod
talk<-cop advmod ccomp
training<-cc conj
opening<-case advmod det compound
catalog<-dep advmod compound
breathe<-auxpass ccomp dobj
unchanged<-cc advmod nmod
member<-cop nsubj dep nmod mark cc compound conj
case<-case nmod:poss nmod
Keshtmand<-case det compound
ban<-ccomp
demand<-case dep det
hat<-det amod
all<-mark
agree<-aux nsubj ccomp nmod:tmod mark
sluggish<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
set<-case cc conj det amod
end<-dep dobj advmod advcl
remove<-xcomp advmod
export<-cop nmod mark
platform<-case det acl
bring<-xcomp nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj
not<-cop advmod ccomp
Journalism<-cop acl det compound
export<-cc conj acl:relcl
lie<-xcomp nsubj nmod mark
mission<-case
3.52<-dep
lower<-case det nmod
Hyde<-compound
image<-compound nmod:poss amod
brokerage<-dep advmod det acl:relcl det:predet
receive<-advcl nsubj mark
Olson<-compound
buy<-dep advmod nsubj
issue<-det nmod compound
stake<-case nmod
frequency<-case compound
cigar<-amod
position<-case det det:predet
shoo-in<-det acl
flaw<-det nmod amod
place<-case acl:relcl det compound
Religione<-case det compound
employee<-compound amod
passage<-cop compound nmod nsubj
concentration<-case nmod
plan<-nmod dobj
exposure<-dep nmod:poss
responsive<-cc dep conj advmod
force<-cop nmod nsubj
Bob<-case nmod:poss
work<-cc cop conj nsubj dobj
disclosure<-case compound
warming<-cc conj compound
traffic<-case
create<-cc aux dobj nmod nsubj
scam<-case cc conj amod
mark<-nsubj cc nmod compound:prt conj dobj
leadership<-case det compound
pact<-acl:relcl nmod:poss amod
oppose<-dep cop advmod nmod
want<-xcomp parataxis nsubj advmod nmod mark
grow<-advmod nmod mark
sticking<-aux advmod dobj expl
chop<-aux compound:prt dobj nsubj
consume<-dobj advmod mark
wasteland<-det nmod amod
check<-nsubj advmod dobj compound:prt
tie<-dep aux nmod nsubj
spark<-advmod dobj
rally<-advcl
reappraise<-dobj nmod mark
require<-cc advcl dobj nsubj
income<-cc conj amod
dissatisfy<-cop nsubj nmod mark
gain<-dep dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
line<-cc conj det nmod compound
painter<-case
charge<-case det nmod compound
emergence<-det
go<-aux ccomp nsubj
widen<-dep aux nmod nsubj
bidder<-compound
editorial<-acl:relcl det compound
outlet<-case nmod amod
sway<-auxpass nmod mark
Apple<-cop compound nmod nsubj
hurt<-advmod dobj nsubj
outstanding<-dep
intend<-xcomp ccomp nsubj
man-hour<-case nmod
we<-case cop nsubj mark
fortune<-nmod:poss
NASD<-case det nmod
single-a-1<-case
underwriter<-det nmod amod
Lyneses<-det
Walter<-case cc conj
have<-cc nsubj ccomp advcl
concrete<-case cc conj det nmod
notebook<-case det nmod
put<-neg nmod compound:prt auxpass nsubjpass aux
reimburse<-aux nsubj dobj nmod advcl
Electron<-compound
rush<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
investment<-case cc conj
team<-det nmod
silence<-dep
position<-compound amod
Trace<-appos compound
cause<-xcomp dobj
complex<-det
Lloyd<-case compound
borrowers.and<-case amod
Interstate<-nummod
chemical<-case cc conj amod
trace<-advmod nmod dobj
vacuum<-dobj nmod mark
try<-xcomp nmod mark
restricted<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass
combination<-dep det nmod
network<-amod
honor<-det nmod
ponder<-xcomp mark
cost<-nmod:poss
better<-cop nsubj nmod advmod mark
say<-nsubj cc neg dobj aux conj
Gould<-case compound
compatible<-cop advmod nmod neg mark
pile<-case det
turn<-advmod compound:prt dobj mark
appreciation<-case compound
franchisee<-dep
state<-dep det nmod
obscurity<-case amod
warrant<-acl:relcl
type<-cop nmod
consider<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
9/32<-cc conj advmod
fence<-case det acl
approach<-cc acl:relcl
theme<-cop det
short-seller<-det amod
cell<-case det
dollar<-case dep det
collapse<-compound
rating<-nmod compound
behavior<-case nmod amod
game<-cop nsubj dep nummod det compound
1.6145<-case dep appos
accompany<-dobj nsubj
employee<-case cc conj compound
health<-dep case conj cc
33<-case
Mo.<-case compound
meeting<-appos det amod
coolant<-case cc conj amod
permanent<-cc dep conj
Quotrons<-dep det
earthquake<-compound
disappear<-nmod nsubj
recognize<-aux nmod mark
Gainen<-case compound
produce<-nsubj neg nmod dobj aux mark
theologian<-det
investment<-acl:relcl
state<-case nmod
feeling<-nmod
association<-dep det nmod
letter<-case nmod:poss amod
negotiation<-nmod:poss amod
expensive<-advmod det
Chief<-nmod compound
base<-case compound det nmod amod
precipitate<-nsubj dobj advcl
part<-case advmod nmod
abstain<-nmod nsubj
day<-cop nsubj det nmod amod compound
destabilizing<-advmod
specify<-dep dobj nsubj
4.04<-dep
tendency<-amod
drift<-case det amod
announce<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
enter<-cc conj dobj mark
tire<-det nmod
latest<-acl:relcl cop advmod det nmod
2.39<-case dep
session<-dep det
State<-case cc conj
company<-case nummod
push<-advmod dobj
skeptical<-cop ccomp nsubj
opening<-case nmod:poss nmod
eagerness<-nmod:poss acl
merger<-cc conj det amod
risk<-dobj nmod nsubj
service<-advcl
first<-dep det
hand<-det
salary<-det nmod
venture<-nummod compound amod
player<-nummod compound
Europe<-case acl:relcl compound
ready<-xcomp cop neg
crane<-case det
alternative<-case det nmod amod
favor<-cop nsubj acl:relcl nmod mark
loosen<-dobj compound:prt
injure<-aux dobj neg nsubj
weave<-cop nsubj neg det nmod mark compound
convince<-dobj ccomp nsubj
dream<-det
hold<-advmod ccomp nsubj
horn<-dep
advance<-nmod dobj
suggest<-nsubj ccomp nmod mark
packaged-goods<-cc acl:relcl amod
firm<-nummod nmod compound
seem<-xcomp nsubj neg nmod:tmod advcl aux
computer<-case cc conj acl:relcl amod
deadline<-case nmod:poss
difficult<-xcomp cop nsubj cc advmod mark conj
look<-dep nmod nsubj
duo<-det amod
bleak<-cop advmod advcl nsubj
possible<-cop
foot<-nummod amod
smaller<-cc cop advmod nmod nsubj
bring<-cc aux conj nmod nsubj
index<-case cc det amod compound conj
guarantee<-case compound nmod amod
follow<-aux nmod mark
post<-nmod:poss
judge<-nmod mark
delivery<-case nmod
abandon<-xcomp dobj mark
resolution<-det det:predet
employee<-nmod:poss
analysis<-acl:relcl amod
think<-dep aux nmod nsubj
aisle<-det compound
dismantle<-nmod nsubj
rationalize<-xcomp aux nsubj
employee<-case nummod det amod
sweeten<-dobj mark
panic<-case nummod compound
know<-aux neg nsubj
shake<-advmod advcl
background<-case nmod
appear<-xcomp cc conj nmod nsubj
admit<-advcl nsubj
death<-case det
affect<-appos
accept<-advmod ccomp
industry<-dep cc det amod
ton<-case cop nsubj nummod xcomp nmod amod
splitting<-compound amod
hold<-dep dobj
bounce<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
constrain<-nmod
dealership<-case
system.Kawasaki<-nmod:poss amod
sound<-aux nsubj nmod mark
24<-parataxis cop cc advmod nmod dobj conj
own<-nsubj cc advmod mark aux conj
decrease<-advmod mark
decline<-aux dobj nsubj
reply<-xcomp nsubj ccomp
b-2<-case
counterproductive<-cop advmod advcl mark
5.43<-dep
reform<-cc conj
243/4<-dep compound
position<-case nmod amod
help<-aux dobj compound:prt nmod nsubj
carrier<-case nmod
function<-advmod
advertise<-dobj mark
operator<-case det compound
all<-case dep advmod
totally<-cop nsubj nmod mark
problem<-cc conj acl nmod:poss amod
ring<-case det
doubt<-advcl advmod nsubj
react<-cc conj nmod nsubj
master<-det nmod amod
money<-case appos amod
section<-nmod
drug<-dep det amod
make<-parataxis dobj nsubj
investment<-cop advmod amod expl compound aux
violation<-neg acl:relcl nmod
rise<-cc conj advmod nmod nsubj
note<-advmod ccomp
peninsula<-det nmod compound
plan<-dep det amod
Institutue<-case det nmod amod
compromise<-nmod mark
change<-cc cop nsubj
time<-case cop advmod nmod amod
enable<-xcomp dobj nsubj
inmate<-acl:relcl det
piece<-det nmod det:predet
Treasurys<-case cc conj
understatement<-det nmod
hit<-aux nsubj dobj advcl mark
default<-case compound amod
offer<-dep cc det compound
first<-cop nsubj nmod mark
run<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
shadow<-cc det nmod compound
streak<-nsubj nmod mark
earn<-nmod
look<-xcomp aux nsubj
passion<-amod
stop<-advcl dobj nmod mark
ease<-amod
leave<-aux ccomp nmod nsubj
contempt<-case nmod
fear<-aux cop acl:relcl nsubj
order<-xcomp dobj nsubj
whites<-case acl:relcl
engine<-det compound
kind<-acl:relcl det
government<-cc conj cc:preconj det
spot<-cop advmod nmod amod
walk<-advmod compound:prt nmod nsubj
program<-compound acl amod
pour<-advmod nmod ccomp
allow<-dobj
end<-compound:prt dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
future<-case cc conj amod
gape<-aux advmod nsubj
fraternity<-case
aggressive<-neg cop nmod mark
agreement<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
craft<-aux nsubj nmod advmod mark
enhancement<-case det nmod compound
license<-dobj nmod nsubj
supporter<-dep cop nummod advmod compound
way<-case nmod amod
spawn<-cc advmod dobj nsubj
vehicle<-cop nsubj advmod det nmod mark
uniform<-case amod
free<-xcomp cop dep nsubj mark
take<-nsubj ccomp advmod mark
butcher<-cop nsubj cc det amod conj
avoid<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
opponent<-det nmod amod
pressure<-aux advmod ccomp
tear<-auxpass compound:prt
film<-case nummod compound
summer.but<-dep amod
promote<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
minute<-case nummod appos
go<-nsubj cc compound:prt aux conj mark
boost<-case det nmod amod
I<-det
identify<-advmod nmod
bite<-case nummod
ally<-case nmod:poss nmod
cautious<-cop nmod mark
killer<-compound det amod
provide<-nsubj ccomp dobj mark
go<-nsubj advmod dobj nmod mark
skill<-acl:relcl det
swap<-dobj nmod mark
contend<-nmod mark
%<-cop nsubj nummod advmod nmod compound:prt mark
leadership<-det nmod
say<-advmod nmod
decline<-advmod dobj
type<-case det
crash<-case nummod acl:relcl det
anger<-compound
stem<-case compound
steelmaker<-det amod
run<-nsubj advmod nmod:tmod nmod advcl aux
receive<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
warming<-case det amod
level<-case cop ccomp amod
here<-nmod:npmod nmod
concert<-case det compound
jute<-cc conj
desk<-case dep nmod
interloper<-case det
increase<-case compound det nmod amod
develop<-cc conj nmod dobj
cross<-acl:relcl det nmod
economist<-case cc conj compound
leak<-advmod compound:prt nsubj
Departments<-det nmod
response<-cop nsubj det nmod amod mark
need<-case cop advmod nmod nsubj
compare<-aux nsubj nmod advmod advcl
creditor<-det
consider<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
call<-xcomp nsubj mark
aftershock<-case det
cost<-dep nmod
consolidate<-parataxis dobj nmod nsubj
guy<-cop acl:relcl det nsubj
bid<-case nummod compound
academic<-case det
lifetime<-case nmod:poss
executive<-dep nmod compound
gallery<-nmod
help<-dep aux nsubj mark
chain<-compound nmod:poss amod
appear<-advcl nmod nsubj
chief<-compound
atrocious<-cop
ever<-nmod:npmod
movement<-case compound amod
awry<-advmod
survey<-advmod compound
discouragement<-case
assassin<-det nmod
shampoo<-cc conj nsubj
parting<-det nmod amod
Messrs.Schwarz<-cc conj
participation<-case
overlay<-cop nmod:poss nmod nsubj
stop<-cop nsubj nmod advcl
book<-case acl:relcl
affect<-advcl aux dobj neg nsubj
vent<-nsubj cc nmod dobj dep conj
person<-nummod advmod acl:relcl
issue<-cop nsubj cc nmod:tmod aux conj
give<-xcomp
emigration<-case cc conj
relative<-advmod nmod
monitor<-cc advmod nmod dobj conj mark
audit<-cc conj nmod:poss amod
$<-case cc nummod conj appos
quick<-case det
lecturer<-nmod
fight<-det amod
representative<-det compound
expect<-xcomp aux nsubj nmod mark
York<-case det compound
salesman<-det nmod
save<-nmod
Supermarket<-det compound
hope<-xcomp aux
abuse<-advmod nmod:poss
sign<-cc aux nsubj compound:prt advcl
magazine<-case nmod:poss
feel<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
woman<-case compound amod
Magazine<-compound
name<-cop acl:relcl det nsubj
airliner<-case amod
assessment<-compound
benefit<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
Sperry<-case
finish<-case det nmod
cause<-cop det nmod
company<-appos nmod:poss compound
resign<-advcl nsubj
benefit<-case det nmod compound
wisdom<-case amod
urge<-xcomp nsubj nmod:tmod nmod dobj aux
venturesome<-advmod
doctor<-acl:relcl
poisoning<-compound
have<-parataxis nsubj dobj nmod ccomp
latent<-case det
hour<-case nummod det amod
remain<-nmod
perestroika<-case nmod:poss
when<-cc dep advmod
accept<-dep dobj mark
choke<-nmod
lobby<-aux nmod
performance<-nmod
finish<-nmod
morning<-appos
own<-nsubj cc neg dobj aux conj
consolidate<-nsubj cc dobj advcl aux conj mark
two<-cc conj det nsubj
Marines<-case det compound
take<-advcl aux dobj neg nsubj
Frankfurt<-cc conj
price<-acl:relcl det
Moon<-case
wait<-cop compound det nmod amod
product<-det nmod
themselves<-case cop nsubj amod mark
fascinate<-cop nmod
bedrock<-cop mark det nmod dobj
meet<-nmod ccomp
rise<-aux dobj nmod advmod nsubj
Cockburn<-compound
state<-aux advmod ccomp nsubj
reflect<-dep dobj nsubj
vehicle<-case nummod amod
cheap<-cc conj
recover<-nmod dobj
robot<-det amod
Arabia<-case cc conj compound
buy<-nsubj cc neg advmod nmod dobj aux
employee<-case nummod nmod:poss amod
cfc-11<-cc conj advmod
rearrangement<-det compound
express<-dep ccomp advmod dobj nsubj
minister<-compound det amod
hundred<-acl:relcl nmod
vote<-case compound det nmod amod
activity<-nmod compound
645-293<-nmod compound
Ozzie<-case cc conj
work<-advmod compound:prt nmod nsubj
tank<-compound det amod
one-upsmanship<-cop acl:relcl det nmod
related<-xcomp
firm<-cop nsubj neg det acl advcl
proceed<-aux advmod nsubj
follow<-aux advcl nmod mark
fund<-case cop compound
tax<-case acl det amod
success<-dep acl:relcl
mark<-dep
3.36<-dep
remain<-nsubj ccomp advmod mark
authority<-case
draw<-advcl dobj nsubj
38<-dep det
employee<-dep
uncertainty<-compound
debt<-case det nmod amod
second-quarter<-case det nmod amod
break<-advcl nsubj
loath<-xcomp cop nsubj advcl
buyer<-advmod det
increase<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
agency<-case cop advmod det acl:relcl compound
farm<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
carry<-dep nsubj mark
sale<-nummod compound det amod
cut<-dobj nsubj
correct<-cop nsubj advmod mark
growth<-appos nmod
stock<-xcomp nmod
leg<-cop advmod det nmod amod
upheaval<-case det compound
group<-dep nummod
ready<-cop advmod nmod
probe<-advmod nmod
wriggle<-case nmod
plaza<-case det
statehood<-cc conj det nmod
sell<-case nmod amod
start<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
member<-case nummod nmod:poss compound
take<-cc nmod dobj mark conj compound:prt
leave<-aux nsubj
estimate<-advmod ccomp nsubj
open<-advmod nmod mark
oxygen<-compound
scale<-dep cop advmod
effort<-case dep nmod
have<-aux nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
Markese<-appos compound
influence<-cop det nmod
production<-nmod:poss nmod amod
sell<-aux nsubj ccomp mark
murderer<-det nmod
safety<-amod
freedom<-amod
moment<-cop cc det nmod amod compound conj
stress<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
Dorfman<-case compound
ballot<-case advmod compound
limb<-det nmod
accept<-nsubj nmod mark
Cummins<-case
behave<-cc advcl nmod nsubj
equity<-dep
career<-nmod:poss amod
lick<-neg auxpass advmod ccomp
%<-cc nummod nmod acl
Allianz<-case acl:relcl
accept<-aux nsubj dobj advmod mark
story<-dep cop det amod
meanwhile<-nmod
project<-cop nmod advcl
(<-xcomp ccomp
blowup<-compound amod
DJ<-det
prospect<-cop nsubj det nmod amod aux
exaggerate<-ccomp
rush<-amod
attract<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
sell<-dep advmod compound:prt nmod:tmod nsubj
lecture<-dep compound
consider<-cc xcomp nsubj
one-inch<-amod
deny<-dobj iobj mark
explanation<-amod
purchase<-aux nsubj dobj mark
obstruct<-nsubj
disappointed<-dobj nsubj
incentive<-det nmod
suspend<-neg auxpass
try<-advmod nmod
option<-case nummod det amod
timber<-case compound
reduce<-cc conj dobj
dismiss<-ccomp
litigation<-aux cop nmod amod expl
(<-dep nsubj dobj
spirit<-nmod:poss amod
feel<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
blow<-cop nsubj det nmod amod aux
satisfying<-advmod
drop<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
part<-cop nmod neg nsubj
connotation<-amod
follower<-nmod:poss
manhood<-case amod
arbitrate<-dobj
Sears<-cc case conj
terminal<-case nmod:poss
town<-dobj nsubj
involve<-parataxis aux nmod neg nsubj
gig<-det amod
budget<-nsubj
grow<-nmod compound:prt
Zealand<-case cc conj compound
subsidiary<-case appos nmod:poss compound
trading<-advcl nmod advmod mark
Fault<-case det compound
coast<-case nmod:poss
function<-det
rule<-cop advmod det nmod amod
interest<-acl:relcl det amod
blossom<-case cc conj det nmod
repair<-advcl mark
formation<-compound amod
fear<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
get<-aux nsubj compound:prt nmod dobj
amount<-cc conj nmod amod
attempt<-case det nmod
slide<-acl:relcl det amod
measure<-case cop nsubj advmod nmod amod
assurance<-dep nmod:poss
barrel<-dep
asset<-acl:relcl
case<-case cc conj nmod acl
risk<-case det compound
slow<-cop nsubj mark
damage<-xcomp aux advmod nmod nsubj
killer<-dep det
way<-dep det ccomp
pay<-ccomp dobj
appeal<-xcomp nsubj
particularly<-nmod
fear<-nsubj ccomp dobj
flaw<-nummod
constructon<-amod
contribute<-ccomp
producer<-case cop advmod nmod amod
loan<-case cc conj amod
crunch<-det compound
standing<-det nmod amod
try<-aux advmod nmod neg nsubj
listen<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
quality<-case cop nsubj cc advmod amod aux conj
pend<-nsubj ccomp
good<-cop nsubj
read<-advmod nmod ccomp
crane<-advmod nmod nsubj
Creek<-case compound
table<-amod
disappear<-dep advmod nsubj
buy<-advcl dobj nsubj
spotlight<-det
push<-aux nmod dobj
lapse<-nmod nsubj
scour<-nsubj nmod:tmod nmod dobj aux mark
target<-compound det nmod amod
laboratory<-case det compound
debt<-acl:relcl compound
backfire<-cc aux nsubj
minimalism<-det nmod amod
lower<-dobj nmod:tmod advmod mark
journalism<-case dep compound acl amod
force<-nmod nsubj
see<-nsubj advmod dobj nmod advcl
TVX<-dep
19,395<-case dep
14.3<-advmod
Congress<-case cop advmod nsubj
Securities<-case appos nmod compound
scene<-det nmod
mind-set<-case appos det amod
ban<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
tap<-cc conj
background<-compound
negotiation<-case det
thrive<-nmod mark
Dictionary<-xcomp cc conj advmod nsubj
make<-neg dobj nsubj
controversial<-cop nmod
nation<-case det nmod compound
estimate<-cop nmod nsubj
accept<-aux nsubj mark
zero<-case amod
hold<-nsubj mark
send<-cc conj dobj nsubj
Kress<-appos compound
frame<-case advmod
spree<-case cop nsubj det nmod compound
dispatch<-dobj nsubj
death<-case nmod amod
uh<-nmod
balk<-advmod ccomp nsubj
crisis<-case nummod det compound
status<-compound acl:relcl amod
promote<-advmod dobj
strategy<-case det nmod
agent<-cop nsubj advmod det nmod amod
set<-aux dobj compound:prt
draft<-cop acl:relcl
plant<-nummod compound amod
overwork<-dobj mark
come<-aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod
Corp.<-nmod:poss compound
release<-nmod:poss
have<-nsubj dobj nmod ccomp
Academy<-appos compound
debt<-advmod nmod amod
tower<-acl:relcl det
orchard<-case nmod:poss
practically<-nmod ccomp
borrow<-xcomp mark
incompetence<-case det nmod amod
sterile<-nmod:npmod advmod
gainer<-compound nmod amod
concern<-advmod
investment<-case det compound
defeat<-det compound
Monday<-case advmod compound
pay<-mark nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
further<-nmod:npmod
beginning<-det nmod
size<-cc conj det nmod
flag<-cop nsubj cc det amod conj
recover<-dep dobj nsubj
cool<-aux cop nsubj ccomp mark
implant<-ccomp nmod nsubj
harder<-nsubj
finger<-cop advmod acl neg
Hammerstein<-case
stake<-case cc conj det compound
constituent<-case det
gather<-dobj nmod nsubj
client<-amod
discover<-nsubj dobj nmod:tmod nmod mark
ensemble<-case det
drawing<-case acl:relcl nmod amod
emphasize<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
hit<-nmod ccomp
avoid<-cc advcl conj dobj mark
damages<-det
rumor<-advmod
hurdle<-acl:relcl det amod
50.875<-case dep nmod
black<-compound
pertinent<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
follow<-aux nmod
position<-case cc advmod nmod amod conj
step<-acl amod
line<-case aux cop nmod nsubj
issue<-dep xcomp nsubj
Waggoner<-compound
movie<-dep
estate<-det amod
touch<-dep dobj
basis<-case acl det amod
Cos.<-case dep compound
business<-cc conj amod
337/8<-dep compound
unpleasantness<-case
Russia<-acl:relcl nmod
Connolly<-case compound
ambassador<-det nmod compound
Conway<-dep compound
platinum<-advmod nmod
return<-nmod:tmod nmod mark
Orr<-compound
89.875<-case dep nmod
airline<-compound
debenture<-dep det amod
145/8<-dep compound
speed<-dobj mark
question<-case compound det amod
farm<-compound det acl:relcl amod
competitor<-acl:relcl amod
shrink<-nmod
experience<-dep cop nsubj
allege<-dep dobj
plant<-nsubj
join<-xcomp advmod nsubj
executive<-advmod det amod
awful<-xcomp aux cop advmod nsubj
position<-cop det nmod amod
gene-splicing<-dep amod
fight<-xcomp
pioneer<-compound
another<-dep
mine<-case cc det nmod compound conj
stretch<-det nmod amod
patent<-case compound
cheap<-advmod
projection<-nummod nmod:poss
appearance<-appos amod
depression<-case det
charge<-case acl:relcl det compound
shipping<-dobj nmod mark
employee<-amod compound
training<-cop amod nmod nsubj
failure<-case det
Liman<-compound
stockbrokerage<-case dep
opportunity<-cc conj det
Act<-case cc conj det compound
downturn<-compound det amod
Howe<-appos compound
recruit<-case nmod amod
bundle<-nmod
concern<-dep compound
come<-nsubj dep advmod nmod ccomp compound:prt
roadway<-case compound
concerto<-compound
friend<-nmod:poss det:predet
color<-compound amod
politician<-det compound
research<-aux nmod cop
700,000<-dep advmod
conceal<-dobj mark
dream<-dep cop
move<-compound det amod
grandiose<-cc cop conj advmod neg
David<-acl compound
Associates<-appos compound
belie<-dobj nsubj
enjoy<-aux nsubj nmod mark
remarkably<-advmod
plunge<-case cc conj nmod:poss
increase<-dep nmod nsubj
tablet<-case cc conj compound
arbitrage<-case
unfortunate<-cop advcl
mismeasurement<-det nmod
healthy<-cc conj
caution<-cc xcomp nsubj
sophistication<-case acl:relcl det amod
end<-mark
Poland<-case compound
compare<-advmod dobj
confess<-ccomp nsubj
fight<-det nmod amod
prop<-case dobj compound:prt
banishment<-case
Arctic<-case nmod:poss amod
speculator<-dep compound
protein<-case det amod
swathe<-cop nmod nsubj
minimill<-dep
woman<-acl:relcl det amod
judge<-advmod det
roll<-compound:prt dobj
Gotlieb<-case det compound
questionnaire<-det
segment<-dep det
{<-dep nsubj
seige<-case aux cop nmod nsubj
tumble<-advcl dobj
transport<-case dep compound
intersection<-case nummod compound det amod
Lee<-case appos compound
Party<-cc conj compound nmod:poss amod
urgency<-cc det ccomp
post<-dep nummod det compound
commitment<-cc conj advmod det
Toshiba<-cc conj cc:preconj
company<-dep det acl
buy-back<-nmod:poss compound
drenching<-case compound det amod
amortize<-dobj mark
dangerous<-xcomp nsubj
exist<-advmod dobj mark
cent<-dep cop nummod nmod nsubj
18.95<-dep
spring<-appos amod
rights<-cc conj advmod det nmod
destroy<-cc dep conj dobj
staffer<-det compound
study<-case
cadge.Hassan<-ccomp nsubj
fail<-nsubj
month<-dep nummod nmod
exchange<-case cop advmod det
receive<-nsubj nmod ccomp
mature<-cc conj nmod:tmod
style<-dep acl:relcl
intentionally<-dep
softness<-nmod:poss
reverse<-case det
Eprex<-appos
family<-amod
definite<-dobj nmod nsubj
devastation<-case nmod:poss
prohibit<-aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod
worry<-advmod nmod nsubj
overhaul<-cc aux conj cop nsubj
utility<-cop nsubj cc nmod advcl conj
especially<-nmod:npmod nmod
open<-aux nsubj
forefront<-case det nmod
Benninger<-appos compound
income<-nummod det compound
store<-nmod:poss
lift<-nmod
encourage<-xcomp aux nsubj
wrap<-dobj compound:prt mark
breakdown<-det nmod det:predet
well-known<-cop nsubj neg advmod nmod mark
return<-nmod:poss nmod
manage<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
process<-case cc conj det amod
saw<-dobj nmod nsubj
sneak<-xcomp advmod nsubj
Finland<-case appos amod
bill<-dep det
acting<-nmod:tmod advcl
surge<-det
depress<-advmod dobj nsubj
work<-case dep appos
Bolton<-appos compound
pursue<-advcl dobj
convict<-auxpass nmod:tmod nmod
cause<-advmod dobj
discovery<-compound nmod nsubj
desperate<-nmod:npmod cop nsubj
break<-amod compound
republican<-cc conj
self-insure<-cc conj nsubj advmod mark
consolidate<-cc conj dobj
mission<-det
depend<-aux compound:prt ccomp nsubj
justify<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass nmod
equity<-dep compound
jar<-case amod
remove<-cc conj
employee<-advmod det nmod
bit<-dep det mark
litigation<-case compound
at-bat<-nummod appos amod
Davis<-cc conj compound
Shearson<-case det
make<-aux nsubj ccomp mark
life<-cc conj amod compound
1970s<-case det
fix<-cop nsubj advmod det nmod amod
Koreans<-amod compound
reaction<-case det nmod amod
share<-cop nummod amod nmod nsubj
desire<-case
turn<-dep advmod nsubj
billing<-cc conj nmod
Pasadena<-case
require<-xcomp aux nsubj dobj mark
damp<-dep dobj
commission<-dep det
selling<-aux nsubj ccomp advcl
169.28<-case dep nmod
decline<-dep amod
scar<-acl:relcl det
repurchase<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj
partnership<-cc conj det compound
eyeball<-advmod dobj
announce<-nsubj advmod dobj nmod mark
Vienna<-case amod
Cities/ABC<-dep compound
find<-nsubj cc dobj aux conj mark
gauge<-cop nummod amod nmod nsubj
win<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
disappoint<-cc auxpass nsubjpass conj nmod
decision<-nmod
wedge<-nmod
cell<-det
cut<-case nmod amod
negotiate<-advmod dobj nsubj
factor<-dep det amod
believe<-xcomp nmod nsubj
mission<-cc conj det det:predet
find<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
buy-back<-case cc det nmod compound conj
muster<-dobj mark
expense<-case nmod
Title<-case cc nummod advmod det acl:relcl compound conj
33<-dep nmod compound
refuse<-advmod dobj nsubj
artery<-det nmod amod
eke<-compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
share<-dep compound det amod
Falls<-appos compound
forgo<-dobj mark
tackle<-nsubj dobj mark
reader<-case det
turn<-nsubj nmod mark
103/8<-dep compound
announcement<-det nmod amod
Corp.<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss
send<-dobj ccomp nmod mark
keep<-aux nsubj advcl
total<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
blame<-advmod nmod
approve<-nsubj nmod:tmod advmod dobj
purpose<-case acl:relcl amod
53.25<-case dep advmod
insurance<-case dep compound amod
portion<-nmod amod
follow<-aux nsubj dobj advmod mark
son<-nmod
heating<-advmod nmod dobj
see<-cc parataxis conj dobj nsubj
20<-cc conj nmod
start<-dep nsubj
handler<-case compound nmod amod
report<-cc conj advmod ccomp nsubj
none<-dep
state<-acl:relcl cop advmod det nmod
repair<-case det amod
son<-dep amod
approval<-case amod
professional<-compound amod
decline<-advmod nmod:poss
path<-nmod:poss amod
dweller<-compound
subsidence<-acl:relcl det
problem<-neg compound
13<-case dep
$<-dep cc nummod advmod conj
carry<-nsubj cc nmod compound:prt aux conj
ecological<-case det
announce<-advmod nmod ccomp
entrepreneur<-det compound
find<-xcomp advcl nsubj
provide<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
uncover<-dobj
promise<-nmod:poss acl
homer<-case det amod
redline<-dep cop ccomp
jeopardize<-nmod dobj
Anderson<-appos compound
upgrade<-advmod ccomp
die<-aux nsubj mark
nerd<-case
man<-cop advmod det acl:relcl amod
release<-case nmod compound
recently<-advmod nmod
slide<-case det nmod
jump<-amod compound
do<-aux ccomp nsubj
hydrocarbon<-det compound
store<-case amod compound
same<-cop advmod det nmod nsubj
fight<-cc conj dobj mark
record<-case nmod:poss det compound
expand<-xcomp auxpass
affair<-case compound
differ<-aux nsubj nmod advmod mark
t-shirt<-case dep det
uncomplicated<-ccomp nmod nsubj
quarter<-dep det nmod amod
advance<-nmod compound
imagination<-cc conj det nmod
quarter<-dep det amod
1.5<-dep compound
Model<-nummod det compound
fund<-compound acl:relcl amod
diner<-det nmod
fear<-cc dep ccomp
certify<-nmod
ride<-ccomp nsubj
acquire<-cc conj advcl dobj
quarter<-appos det amod
too<-nmod:npmod
ease<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
target<-cc det amod
California<-dep cop case dobj
bank<-case nmod:poss amod
pass<-cop nsubj mark
grower<-case nmod compound
for<-dep det
supermarket<-case det
killer<-cop nsubj det neg mark
audience<-det nmod amod
rights<-cc conj nmod
issuer<-det
arrest<-case dep det nmod
increase<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
begin<-advcl dobj nsubj
affect<-cc aux nmod neg
coast<-case det nmod
Tass<-dep nsubj ccomp
Nov.<-case
penny<-case nummod det
jump<-advcl dobj nsubj
die<-aux nmod nsubj
assumption<-case acl:relcl det
precede<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
wiggle<-cc conj ccomp nmod nsubj
stock<-case dep nmod:poss compound
shelter<-case cc conj compound amod
make<-xcomp advmod
stickier<-cc cop ccomp nsubj
response<-nmod:poss nmod
experience<-cc dep conj nmod dobj
temblor<-case det acl
light<-cop advmod det nmod
gain<-compound amod
talk<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
plunge<-nsubj mark
avoid<-xcomp parataxis nsubj ccomp
recognize<-cop dep advmod det nmod compound
stress<-nmod
one<-cop nmod mark
Schaeffer<-compound
contention<-case
astringency<-case cc conj det nmod
taboo<-nmod
avoid<-cc conj dobj mark
angina<-case cc conj cc:preconj
Humana<-acl:relcl
indicate<-cc ccomp nsubj
allow<-ccomp nsubj
Mr.<-acl:relcl nmod
take<-nsubj advmod nmod:tmod nmod mark advcl
start<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
have<-parataxis cc conj ccomp nsubj
mile<-case dep nummod
foot<-case det amod
want<-aux nsubj nmod neg mark
issue<-case nummod advmod acl compound amod
strike<-case cc conj det
morale<-cc conj nmod:poss
comment<-dep acl:relcl amod
raise<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
}<-nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
32<-case nummod compound
first<-cop det nmod acl
nickname<-amod
default<-det compound
flavor<-case nmod
make<-aux compound:prt nmod advmod nsubj
consider<-xcomp advmod advcl
plead<-xcomp cc conj
check<-case det amod
agency<-case dep det compound
blame<-cop advmod advcl nsubj
company<-case nmod:poss compound
Group<-case dep compound
taxation<-case amod
buzzword<-appos amod
riches<-case
height<-case nmod:poss amod
all<-cop nmod nsubj
farm<-compound:prt nmod dobj
Commission<-cc conj det nmod compound
go<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
432.78<-case
attorney<-acl:relcl nmod compound
need<-advmod nsubj dobj nmod advcl
suffer<-nmod nsubj
want<-xcomp nsubj advmod advcl
rise<-nsubj cc nmod dobj conj mark
present<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod mark
stride<-case
growth<-acl:relcl det amod
be<-xcomp expl advmod nsubj
light<-cc conj advmod nmod
send<-xcomp aux nsubj
photograph<-case det
make<-nsubj neg nmod dobj aux compound:prt
Sears<-case acl:relcl
far<-case
Jerusalem<-case
decrease<-xcomp mark
big<-xcomp cop advmod nmod neg
same<-cop nsubj cc neg det nmod
2,412<-case nmod
contemplate<-xcomp aux nsubj neg mark
urge<-xcomp dobj nmod mark
Cohen<-case appos compound
cost<-dep det amod
settle<-dobj compound:prt nmod mark
Sanger<-nmod:poss compound
oppose<-dobj nmod nsubj
rage<-case cc conj nmod:poss
use<-cop acl det nmod nsubj
protege<-det nmod
get<-cc conj dobj mark
supporter<-case
leave<-xcomp nsubj dobj mark
break<-aux nsubj advmod mark
Lionel<-case
trade<-aux nmod nsubj
exist<-ccomp nsubj
retailer<-dep det
inconceivable<-cop nmod nsubj
shoe<-case det nmod
involvement<-nsubj
buy<-cc conj nmod dobj
tally<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
Eidsmo<-dep compound
commodity<-det amod
newspaper<-nmod:poss
cutout<-nmod compound
mixed<-advcl advmod nmod nsubj
earlier<-advmod
monitoring<-acl det amod
consumer<-compound
mushroom<-acl:relcl
applaud<-cc conj nsubj
call<-iobj dobj
pattern<-case compound amod
calculate<-nmod nsubj
act<-aux nmod neg nsubj
disclose<-nsubj cc neg dobj aux conj
car<-cop advmod nmod amod
stick<-case compound
UEP<-det
unit<-dep amod
market<-case amod det det:predet
think<-advcl
cash<-ccomp mark
capital-gains<-det
speed<-aux compound:prt dobj nsubj
Congress<-case acl:relcl
tie<-aux nsubj nmod advmod mark
invest<-cc conj advmod nmod
bring<-aux nsubj dobj
account<-det nmod
forbid<-cc conj ccomp nsubj
native<-case advmod
cut<-cc auxpass conj dobj
require<-nmod mark
sac<-case dep compound det amod
deficit<-case acl:relcl det compound
today<-compound
sale<-cc cop conj nmod
result<-dep nmod:tmod nmod
promise<-xcomp dobj nsubj
industry<-cop cc det mark compound conj
)<-appos amod
contract<-case compound nmod:poss amod
Early<-appos compound
notice<-case
prefer<-aux nsubj dobj advcl mark
wheelchair<-case det
be<-dep neg
bearish<-cop nmod
effect<-dep det nmod
gain<-case
underdeveloped<-case cop
household<-case
anticipate<-ccomp nsubj
plaid<-case amod
head<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
slow<-aux advcl nsubj
tender<-aux dobj nmod neg
grow<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
edge<-nsubj nmod:tmod nmod compound:prt advcl dobj
pan<-nmod
promotion<-det acl
January<-case amod
plan<-cc xcomp
McNamee<-appos compound
allotment<-case det amod
revise<-ccomp mark
Sanford<-case appos compound
write-off<-acl det acl:relcl amod
reform<-nmod:poss
she<-dep acl:relcl
Virtue<-compound
need<-dep neg
difference<-neg nmod
Sasser<-nmod compound
drop<-advcl dobj nsubj
Geduld<-case appos compound
director<-case cc conj nmod amod
place<-advcl dobj nsubj
operation<-nmod:poss amod
reinforce<-nsubj dobj mark
agency<-compound nmod:poss amod
division<-cc conj nmod:poss compound
dog<-det
narrowly<-cop ccomp nsubj
ought<-xcomp nmod nsubj
count<-dobj nmod nsubj
undertake<-advcl dobj
strike<-cop nmod
keep<-aux nmod
country<-case dep compound amod
Report<-case det nmod compound
reputation<-cop nsubj det nmod amod mark
work-force<-case det acl
demand<-case acl:relcl det
Poag<-cc conj compound
list<-nmod:poss compound
notify<-nmod dobj
use<-dep parataxis nmod advcl
year<-case advmod det nmod
Rohs<-case appos compound
juice<-compound
30,000<-advmod
visibility<-amod
Konheim<-appos compound
conclude<-dep advmod dobj
quarter<-case cc conj advmod det
lack<-cc det nmod acl
good<-cop advmod nmod ccomp
code<-case det compound
tv<-det
condition<-case compound amod
loop<-case det
force<-nsubj dobj advcl
secret<-nmod amod
factor<-case nummod
deny<-advmod dobj nsubj
budget<-case dep det
market<-aux cop nmod nsubj
finance<-cc conj dobj
fall<-case nmod amod
unsolicited<-cop mark
many<-cop advmod
strain<-dobj
year<-cc nummod conj
maintain<-dep ccomp nsubj
contain<-nsubj neg nmod dobj advcl aux mark
steal<-nsubj dep advmod nmod dobj cc conj
Buffett<-compound
fine<-case det
obligation<-case
oppose<-cop nmod
double<-dobj
yield<-aux nsubj dobj mark
producer<-dep compound amod
buy<-dep cop
131/8<-dep nmod compound
Jones<-cc conj compound
participant<-compound amod
summit<-det amod
something<-cop advmod acl:relcl nsubj
enthusiast<-cc nummod det conj
donate<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
target<-cop det nmod amod
investor<-case advmod compound
convict<-cop nmod nsubj
program<-case appos compound
leave<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
group<-dep det amod
rekindle<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
five<-advmod nmod
manual<-appos nmod compound
misrepresent<-dobj mark
revival<-det nmod amod
linen<-cc conj amod
emotionalism<-cop nmod compound
controversy<-advmod det compound
report<-xcomp aux
settle<-nmod dobj
Lucisano<-compound
decline<-case nmod amod
rift<-case det nmod
painting<-cc conj nmod
translator<-parataxis aux cop det nsubj
cr<-amod
believe<-cc ccomp nmod nsubj
position<-cop acl
address<-parataxis nmod
1986<-case cc conj cc:preconj
plan<-case appos nmod:poss compound
cucumber<-case det
in-house<-ccomp nsubj
lower<-acl:relcl
Democrats<-det
giant<-nummod det
cable<-cc conj
curb<-case
solve<-cc conj dobj
advise<-aux nmod ccomp
do<-aux mark
resign<-nummod compound amod
harbor<-det
infringe<-auxpass ccomp nsubjpass mark
Salerno-Sonnenberg<-acl:relcl compound
invest<-nmod ccomp
%<-parataxis cop nsubj dep nmod compound aux
stockholder<-nmod
commissioner<-nmod:poss compound
she<-cop nsubj neg advcl
reflect<-nsubj dobj mark
sell<-cc ccomp
consideration<-cop neg nmod amod expl aux
deficit<-appos compound det amod
trader<-cop compound amod nsubj
A<-nummod compound
owner<-case det compound
drug<-case cc conj
benchmark<-det nmod
alternative<-case det
auction<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
quit<-xcomp nsubj
happy<-cc cop conj
flair<-case nmod:poss amod
column<-case
need<-aux dobj nmod neg
Flottl<-case compound
ad<-case appos compound
view<-dep cc det amod
promise<-aux nsubj ccomp mark
offer<-case dep conj cc
survival<-case nmod
sell<-dep advmod dobj
worth<-dep cop ccomp
Xiaoqing<-compound
restriction<-cc nummod nmod:poss conj
forfeiture<-det
agonize<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
perfect<-aux advmod cop neg nsubj
involve<-aux ccomp nmod mark
Entertainment<-case appos compound
Nickle<-dep nmod compound
retain<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
grow<-cc aux conj nsubj
figure<-case nmod:poss compound
worth<-dep cop advmod
make<-dobj nmod advmod mark
grave<-case det amod
tell<-dep aux ccomp dobj
drop<-nsubj cc nmod dobj conj ccomp
ignore<-advcl dobj mark
happen<-advmod mark
Laboratory<-compound
franchise<-ccomp compound
cycle<-case compound amod
negotiate<-case acl:relcl
worry<-cop nsubj cc nmod dep conj
roil<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
usage<-case acl:relcl compound
exclude<-aux nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
asset<-compound nmod:poss amod
Act<-case det nmod compound
Conway<-compound
refer<-xcomp auxpass nmod
end<-case dep det amod cc compound conj
settlement<-acl:relcl det
obligation<-dep amod
interpretation<-case nmod:poss
try<-xcomp dobj
resilient<-advmod nmod
stop<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
responsible<-dep cc conj nmod
disappointingly<-cop nmod
Index<-nmod:poss nmod compound
cater<-nmod nsubj
enough<-cop nsubj neg mark
parallel<-det nmod amod
pick<-dep advmod nsubj
mature<-nsubj compound:prt nmod:tmod nmod mark
die-hard<-det
grant<-nsubj nmod mark
341.16<-case
detain<-dobj
today<-dep compound
hope<-cop cc appos det dep conj
widely<-nmod:npmod
realize<-nsubj nmod ccomp
Pope<-compound det amod
season<-case det amod
Edwards<-nsubj
retreat<-compound
short<-cop advmod ccomp nsubj
finances<-case nmod:poss
favorable<-cop nsubj mark
company<-case dep acl
indictment<-det nmod
battle<-case det acl
rift<-cc conj det nmod
improvement<-det
reader<-det nmod amod
assert<-ccomp nmod nsubj
retrieve<-nsubj nmod mark
sink<-auxpass advmod nmod ccomp
performance<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss nmod
repair<-cc conj
barrier<-det
pool<-case dep det nmod amod compound
mercy<-case cop nsubj advmod det acl
Organization<-case det compound
dump<-advmod
get<-advmod
operate<-nmod advcl
early<-dep advmod
fortunate<-dep
accessory<-cop compound
Valley<-case acl:relcl det nmod
destroy<-aux dobj nsubj
total<-nmod:poss
ferry<-amod
hit<-case cc det nmod amod compound conj
do<-nsubj cc advmod dobj aux conj
delegation<-cc conj acl det amod
six<-nmod:npmod nmod
export<-nmod nsubj
elephant<-case amod
show<-nummod nmod
easy<-cop nmod neg nsubj
want<-dep xcomp nsubj mark
entrench<-dobj mark
Sept.<-case nummod appos
swarm<-compound
10<-case cc conj advmod
place<-cc conj advmod dobj mark
prosecutor<-nummod
charge<-dep
fabric<-det amod
tie<-nmod compound:prt
couple<-det amod
treatment<-acl nmod amod
work<-nsubj cc neg advmod nmod dobj aux conj
record<-xcomp advmod
Israelis<-case
story<-det nmod det:predet
ask<-cop nsubj ccomp advmod dobj
claim<-dep dobj nsubj
home<-cop compound nsubj mark
indulge<-dobj advmod mark
stem<-nsubj dobj mark
lower<-dep ccomp
Waertsilae<-case compound
Virginia<-case discourse compound
1987<-case cc conj
violate<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
ring<-compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
injure<-cc conj
concentrated<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod mark
dumber<-cc conj advmod nmod
since<-cop nsubj cc neg advmod aux
proliferation<-dep det
undermine<-xcomp nsubj
climb<-advcl nmod dobj
Nekoosa<-case compound
endure<-cc conj dobj nsubj
certain<-xcomp cop nsubj advmod nmod ccomp
Hawaii<-case cop nsubj
mail<-cc conj det amod
material<-nmod compound
police<-case nmod amod
poster<-det
therapist<-compound
Zealand<-case nmod compound
calculation<-compound acl amod
exemption<-case det nmod
wine<-det
propensity<-case det nmod
scuttle<-dobj nmod mark
lock<-nsubj compound:prt dobj advmod mark
injury<-dep amod
unknown<-parataxis mark
photo<-det
lend<-xcomp nmod nsubj
feature<-advmod dobj nsubj
estimator<-dep det amod cc compound conj
succeed<-aux nmod nsubj
Hall<-case cop advmod det nmod compound
roll<-nsubj nmod dobj
fly<-xcomp nmod
result<-advmod det nmod
Carolinas<-case det compound
taint<-case compound
address<-advcl dobj advmod mark
rule<-case nummod nmod
scientist<-amod
pay<-nsubj cc cc:preconj nmod advcl aux conj
122<-case det
land<-det
pileup<-det nmod
ease<-xcomp
effort<-det nmod amod
smattering<-case acl:relcl det nmod
dive<-case det
period<-acl nmod:poss compound
comply<-aux advmod nmod
plant<-case compound amod
stomach<-case cc conj det amod
import<-dobj nmod nsubj
see<-advcl dobj nsubj
prompt<-ccomp dobj
mayor<-appos nmod:poss
11<-case advmod
able<-cc cop xcomp neg
debate<-case det nmod amod
malaise<-case det amod
match<-cop nsubj appos advmod nmod acl:relcl
drop<-dep nmod:poss nmod
chapter<-nummod det
standard<-acl:relcl amod
speculation<-acl:relcl
information<-acl:relcl nmod compound
Jose<-amod
Fanuc<-dep
keychain<-nmod nsubj
673<-case
rise<-det compound
promote<-advcl dobj mark
negotiate<-aux nmod mark
begin<-cc conj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
porch<-case cc conj nmod amod
form<-cop cc appos advmod amod conj
account<-advcl nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
planner<-advmod det amod
oppose<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
want<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
feel<-xcomp dobj nsubj
respond<-advmod nmod
unclear<-cop ccomp
Chung<-compound
projection<-cc conj amod
strategy<-nmod:poss amod
lend<-xcomp mark
case<-nmod:poss
release<-cop nmod:poss nmod
ton<-cop nummod advmod
choose<-nsubj dep advmod nmod ccomp aux dobj
20<-advcl aux nsubj nmod mark
suspicious<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
man<-case nmod
deserve<-dobj nsubj
dealership<-case cc conj det
situation<-cop nsubj dep advmod det nmod
run<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
method<-dep det amod
turnaround<-parataxis ccomp nsubj
authority<-case det nmod
rise<-case dep amod acl:relcl compound
animosity<-amod
racism<-case cc conj
move<-dep cop det nmod amod
project<-case det nmod amod
reinvest<-xcomp mark
country<-compound det amod
class<-case acl det amod
interrelated<-cop nsubj cc advmod ccomp conj
measure<-appos
thing<-cc acl:relcl det amod
Goodson<-compound
783<-case
occasion<-dobj mark
Union<-case acl:relcl det compound
power<-dep amod
score<-xcomp advcl nsubj mark
Northrop<-case
MCI<-acl:relcl
keep<-nsubj cc dobj aux conj mark
sentence<-case
excuse<-cc conj nmod amod
150,000<-advmod
develop<-dep nmod nsubj
method<-dep compound amod
Preti<-det
job<-acl det amod
rise<-acl:relcl nmod
detail<-det nmod
drape<-case
beat<-aux nmod compound:prt
electrode<-case compound
concoct<-advcl nmod dobj
describe<-advcl nsubj
further<-dep
signal<-nmod nsubj
free<-dobj nsubj
Lockerbie<-case cc conj
swiss<-case nummod acl amod
dominate<-nsubj dobj mark
hat<-compound det nmod amod
hit<-cc dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
FBI<-dep det
resource<-case acl:relcl amod
Shui<-nmod
theory<-advmod nmod:poss
Valley<-cc conj compound
game<-appos det amod
decision<-cc acl:relcl nmod:poss nmod
speech<-case acl:relcl det
deposit<-case acl:relcl compound
stay<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
Laidig<-case dep nmod compound
Kidder<-case cc conj acl:relcl
consolidate<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass advcl
4.05<-case dep nmod
sell<-dep dobj nsubj
advertise<-xcomp nmod
737<-cc nummod conj
account<-case det
husband<-dep appos
depend<-aux nmod nsubj
scope<-cc det nmod acl
irrelevant<-aux cop nmod nsubj
Airlines<-nmod compound
demolish<-aux cop nsubj
slope<-amod compound
change<-xcomp nsubj mark
have<-nsubj dobj nmod advmod mark
suitor<-appos nmod:poss
stop<-ccomp
face<-ccomp nsubj dobj nmod mark
17<-advmod
high<-cop nsubj advmod mark
witness<-parataxis dobj
bind<-dep xcomp auxpass nsubjpass nmod
put<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj conj
Hibor<-amod
publicity<-det amod
hospital<-case amod
show<-mark dobj nmod nsubj
not<-dep cop ccomp
bring<-nmod mark
second<-cop mark
troublesome<-dep advmod
Building<-compound
confirm<-nmod:tmod ccomp
complain<-mark
trader<-cc acl:relcl
650,000<-dep advmod
asset<-case det nmod
pay<-dep aux dobj iobj nsubj
throw<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
portray<-auxpass dobj nsubjpass nmod mark
theory<-case det amod
satisfy<-aux ccomp neg nsubj
test<-acl det amod
slight<-cop mark
omit<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
trouble<-case cc conj nmod:poss amod
encourage<-xcomp
do<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
Catholics<-dep compound amod acl nsubj
one<-cc conj nmod:poss
marketplace<-compound det amod
climate<-compound det amod
comment<-case nmod
Express<-case appos compound
park<-case det compound
couch<-aux dobj nsubj
wage<-case compound det nmod amod
industry<-det nmod compound
claim<-nsubj dobj mark
continue<-dep dobj nsubj
difficulty<-case nmod
breathing<-dobj
acquire<-mark advmod ccomp nsubj
bank<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
example<-case cc conj
shape<-cc conj dobj mark
editor<-det nmod
cause<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj conj mark
force<-aux cop advcl nsubj
unlock<-nsubj nmod dobj
earn<-advmod dobj
balk<-nmod
unsuccessful<-nmod:npmod
retribution<-case nmod
strong<-cop nsubj advmod nmod mark
need<-cc xcomp
graphic<-appos amod
shark<-cop nsubj cc det dep acl:relcl compound conj
place<-cc conj nmod dobj
care<-amod
denominate<-cop nsubj nmod mark
restructuring<-cc acl:relcl nmod:poss nmod
Sears<-case cc conj
plead<-xcomp nsubj nmod mark
fashion<-case appos
put<-case
6,840<-case dep nmod
get<-aux advcl dobj
limit<-nmod:poss
warn<-aux advmod ccomp nsubj
truck<-cc conj
fudge<-nmod mark
anybody<-advmod
place<-cc cop conj det amod
Beijing<-case acl:relcl
wood<-case
parcel<-case det
first<-case det nmod
Roth<-appos compound
backlog<-dep nummod compound nmod:poss amod
foresee<-aux cop nsubj advmod mark
minute<-dep parataxis advmod nmod
espionage<-case amod
all<-acl:relcl nmod
partner<-amod
Jeff<-cc conj det compound
surprisingly<-neg
plaintiff<-cc conj det
Hatfield<-case compound amod
attitude<-det nmod
gain<-case acl:relcl det amod
Brown<-compound amod
result<-case advmod det amod
4,999<-cop nsubj dep nmod cc aux conj
produce<-cc aux conj nsubj
train<-dobj mark
demand<-dobj nmod mark
cash<-acl amod
write-down<-cop det nmod nsubj
conduct<-nmod:poss
week<-case nummod nmod
extend<-dep advcl dobj nmod nsubj
bigger<-det
damages<-cc conj
thing<-cop amod det mark
increase<-nsubj dobj mark
picture<-acl det amod
commit<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
hacker<-case cc conj det
survive<-aux dobj neg nsubj
rerun<-case nmod amod
}<-parataxis nmod:tmod dobj
start<-nmod:tmod nsubj
work<-acl amod
small<-cop advmod nmod
reduce<-advcl
576<-dep
Fireside/Simon<-cc conj amod appos compound
wire<-advcl dobj mark
gold<-case det amod
hope<-cop advmod ccomp mark
turn<-advcl compound:prt dobj mark
item<-case compound nmod amod
car<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss
Jaguar<-compound
expire<-advmod nsubj
buyer<-case
persuade<-dobj nmod mark
pump<-auxpass nsubjpass
impact<-det amod
steal<-ccomp mark
result<-ccomp nmod mark
class<-case det nmod amod
former<-case det
position<-case cop det amod
Art<-cc conj
equivalent<-advmod
year<-compound amod
flier<-dep det
cause<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj
above<-case
closer<-nmod:npmod cop advmod nmod nsubj
sit<-cc conj compound:prt mark
LeMans<-det nmod compound
Paris<-case cc conj
dismiss<-aux nmod nsubj
interview<-det nmod
glean<-dobj mark
demonstrate<-advmod ccomp nsubj
initiative<-nmod amod
follow<-aux nmod nsubj
offend<-cc aux advmod dobj nsubj
Icahn<-case appos compound
make<-neg nmod
Femina<-case compound
Commodities<-compound
damages<-nmod amod
show<-dobj nmod mark
massage<-dobj nmod nsubj
Piccolino<-appos compound
rely<-advmod nmod
Barris<-case
promise<-nmod:poss nmod
lose<-dep aux nmod:tmod nsubj
build<-advmod nmod nsubj
more<-dep advmod nmod
man<-case nummod acl:relcl
solicit<-cc advmod nmod dobj aux conj
Corry<-cc acl:relcl compound
)<-nmod:npmod cc conj
producer<-case cop det xcomp
project<-cop acl nsubj
file<-acl:relcl det
pay<-nsubj advmod dobj mark
monitor<-case compound det amod
Arlington<-dep
Angeles<-case acl:relcl compound
self-interest<-case
name<-acl det amod
disciplined<-advmod
biologist<-amod
403/4<-dep nmod compound
laugh<-aux nmod neg nsubj
permission<-nmod
concomitant<-det nmod
NBC<-case cc conj
buyback<-case det amod
pick<-nsubj compound:prt dobj nmod expl
discrimination<-case nmod amod
margin<-case det nmod amod
score<-cc conj advmod nsubj
trigger<-advcl
candidate<-nmod:poss nmod
stockholder<-case advmod
flight<-det compound
lend<-dobj iobj mark
attorney<-nummod amod
terrorism<-dep amod
1022/32<-case cc conj advmod
affiliate<-det
push<-dep advcl nsubj advmod dobj
value<-cop advmod nmod advcl
investigate<-auxpass nmod
have<-nsubj cc advmod dobj conj mark
villager<-case amod
voter<-advmod compound
importance<-case nmod:poss
everything<-dep advmod nmod
seal<-cop nsubj amod mark
evident<-nmod ccomp
join<-cc conj nmod
complete<-dep cop
crude<-case acl:relcl compound
James<-case cc conj compound
line<-cc nummod conj compound
travel<-dobj nmod mark
water<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
give<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj advcl aux conj mark
cigarette<-case
average<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
elixir<-case det nmod
Newt<-dep nmod
buying<-case compound
resiliency<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss
dealer<-case
ethic<-compound
change<-case dep
opt<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
Californians<-case cc conj amod
ice<-case
commute<-case det nmod
issue<-case nmod amod
panic<-aux neg
reward<-cc dep det amod
brand<-compound det acl:relcl amod
deny<-dobj iobj nmod mark
realm<-case det nmod
province<-cop det nmod amod
influence<-cc conj dobj mark
favored<-nsubj ccomp
Sindona<-dep compound
recapitalization<-cop nsubj det nmod amod acl:relcl aux
take<-advmod dobj nmod compound:prt nsubj
shift<-advmod nsubj
financing<-cc conj nmod:poss amod
announce<-advmod ccomp nsubj
name<-case dep det
breed<-dobj nsubj
poisoning<-case det compound
declare<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
yield<-dep dobj
device<-nmod amod
people<-advmod det acl:relcl amod
foreign<-dep
Tomlin<-nmod compound
Fenn<-appos compound
Aetna<-cc conj
oppression<-case nmod compound
fittingly<-ccomp
habit<-compound nmod:poss amod
pay<-aux cop nmod nsubj
abortion<-case advmod nmod compound
said.but<-nmod nsubj
babelist<-det nmod
lease<-case nmod:poss
palm<-appos amod
frightened<-cop nsubj mark
analysis<-det compound
bidder<-amod
scribble<-dobj nsubj
committee<-dep
enact<-ccomp mark
abortion<-det compound
appear<-nmod mark
wisdom<-nmod compound
relieve<-advcl aux dobj neg nsubj
lure<-nmod
reflect<-dep xcomp dobj nsubj
show<-nsubj cc neg advmod dobj aux conj
recant<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
temporary<-cop nsubj mark
chemical<-acl:relcl
Roling<-compound
abortion<-dep
import<-advcl
$<-cop nsubj dep nummod advmod mark aux
foodstuff<-case nmod
theatre<-case compound det amod
bridge<-case det compound
american<-dep nsubj dobj mark
overreaction<-cop det nmod
design<-dep cop
counterpart<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss amod
Democrats<-det compound
Pope<-compound
511/8<-dep nmod compound
furor<-case cc conj det nmod
debenture<-nmod
worse<-dep cop ccomp
motion<-case amod
Thompson<-case appos compound
Continent<-case det
upswing<-case cop advmod det nmod
category<-case det compound
less<-amod
turn<-aux dobj
operation<-case amod det compound
be<-dobj ccomp
cautiousness<-case nmod:poss nmod
NCAA<-case det
withdrawal<-det nmod
Dodd<-compound nmod amod
hesitation<-cc conj
promise<-xcomp nmod nsubj
terminal<-case cc conj nmod:poss
collect<-cc advmod nmod dobj conj compound:prt
become<-xcomp aux conj cc
find<-xcomp advmod nmod nsubj
Dynamics<-compound
physician<-amod
remain<-xcomp cc conj mark
customer<-nummod advmod
help<-dep cop discourse ccomp neg
pressure<-dep dobj nsubj
network<-cop amod det nmod mark
highlight<-advmod dobj nsubj
learn<-nsubj cc advmod dobj conj mark
flag<-det amod
sheet<-case det nmod amod
raise<-cc aux dobj nsubj
strategy<-nmod amod
count<-nsubj
achievement<-det nmod
stay<-nsubj compound:prt nmod mark
hold<-advcl dobj
1941<-case
pledge<-nmod:poss
pick<-compound:prt dobj
member<-case dep nmod
suggest<-dobj nmod nsubj
apartment<-nsubj
pronounce<-cop advmod nmod
standing<-case det nmod amod
join<-dep advmod dobj
develop<-advmod
hold<-advcl advmod dobj
monkeys.the<-dobj
reality<-amod
carry<-dep dobj
want<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
presidency<-det amod
politics<-dep cop
opinion<-det nmod
support<-cop cc nmod ccomp aux conj
suffer<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
pay<-cop nsubj advmod mark
Miller<-case appos compound
re-examine<-dep mark
Gas<-cc conj compound
daily<-nmod
sin<-case cc conj det compound
eligible<-case amod
lawsuit<-nmod:poss amod
resist<-aux dobj nsubj
improve<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
aim<-case det nmod
Rianta<-case nmod:poss compound
million<-case acl:relcl compound
handbill<-case
traveler<-case
objective<-case det nmod amod
stock<-cc cop conj det amod
Lopid<-case cc det amod compound conj
describe<-parataxis nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj conj
block<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
mission<-compound det amod
America<-cop nsubj cc det nmod amod aux conj
job<-acl:relcl det
Reid<-compound
level<-case det nmod:tmod
neutral<-dep cc conj
debt-free<-cc conj appos
5.29<-cc conj nmod nsubj
carcinogenic<-case
kid<-case acl:relcl det
delight<-dep nmod nsubj
Antonini<-dep compound
convenient<-advmod nmod
Himont<-appos
reckless<-cc conj
need<-advcl nsubj dobj mark
have<-xcomp nsubj neg dobj advcl aux
Rouge<-case det compound
glade<-det nmod
valuation<-det
see<-cc dep dobj
higher<-advcl aux cop nmod nsubj
stand<-cc aux advmod neg nsubj
weekend<-cop amod det nsubj
require<-advcl nsubj
overemphasize<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
gain<-appos amod
premier<-nmod:poss
Carnival<-case dep nmod
strike<-dobj
Boga<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss amod
buildup<-nmod:poss amod
be<-dep cc conj nsubj
incident<-dep det
firm<-case nummod nmod
week<-dep appos det
foundation<-acl det compound
overhaul<-case det nmod amod
ton<-det nmod
humble<-cop mark
Jersey<-acl:relcl nmod compound
murder<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
mean<-nmod ccomp
coating<-case
start<-mark
wait<-nsubj advmod mark
scramble<-xcomp cop
head<-nmod nsubj
librarian<-dep det nmod compound
60,000<-dep
year<-case advmod det amod
big<-xcomp advmod nmod
slowdown<-acl:relcl det
Wednesday<-case appos
multisided<-cop
Paul<-nmod compound
decision<-cop appos nmod:poss
supplies<-cc conj compound amod
egg<-case cc conj
Demme<-case compound
farm<-aux advmod ccomp nsubj
spot<-advcl aux cop nmod nsubj
criticism<-case det nmod
whiplash<-case amod
tomorrow<-case det nmod compound
include<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
Commission<-case compound
Taft<-acl:relcl compound
penalty<-dep nmod:poss compound
basis<-case dep det amod
meet<-aux nsubj ccomp mark
pay<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj
Odeon<-det
go<-aux dobj compound:prt nsubj
Allen<-case acl:relcl compound
Leasing<-case cc conj nmod:poss compound
richer<-cop det nmod det:predet
Patman<-case appos compound
return<-nummod acl:relcl
make<-aux dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
professionalism<-case cc conj
prime<-advmod nmod
fuel<-case amod
protein<-acl:relcl
relationship<-compound det acl:relcl amod
break<-nmod:tmod dobj
Corp.<-cc cop conj nmod compound
focus<-aux advcl
Drabinsky<-case compound
271/8<-dep nmod compound
child<-cop appos det amod
line<-nmod compound:prt
claim<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj aux
instability<-case advmod det nmod
ton<-case
line<-cop amod det nsubj
broadcast<-amod
dependence<-nmod:poss
consumption<-nmod
acquirer<-case det nmod amod
itself<-appos
brand<-cc conj amod
Electrolux<-case cc conj compound
come<-dep nmod
bond<-case det amod
re-creaction<-nmod
plan<-cc xcomp nsubj
fund-raiser<-case det
Francisco<-case dep nmod compound
two-third<-nmod
change<-cc conj dobj
smooth<-cc conj dobj advmod mark
Don<-compound
field<-dobj mark
volume<-case nmod:poss compound
cash<-case dep
get<-nsubj advmod dobj mark
creator<-nmod:poss
speed<-nmod compound
item<-advmod det compound
clone<-dep dobj nsubj
jury<-det acl
size<-det nmod compound
Mitterrand<-cc conj compound
drag<-cop det nmod amod
atom<-case compound nmod amod
end<-compound:prt ccomp nmod nsubj
distribute<-dep aux dobj advcl nsubj
second-largest<-dep det
information<-case compound nmod amod
read<-ccomp
jolt<-nsubj dobj mark
margin<-case det amod
fight<-dep det
deterioration<-amod
appoint<-advcl dobj mark
Neidl<-nmod compound
compromised.i<-cop acl:relcl mark
undergo<-nsubj dobj mark
way<-nmod:poss nmod compound
spy<-cc advmod det
10212/32<-case
13<-dep acl:relcl
efficient<-cop nsubj dep neg advmod nmod ccomp
nation<-cop advmod det nsubj
Pawlowski<-case compound
ratio<-case det nmod
Senate<-case cc conj det
set<-nsubj cc nmod:tmod dobj aux conj mark
have<-xcomp ccomp mark
lower<-aux cop advmod nmod nsubj
vacate<-case det compound
drop<-nsubj advmod mark
true<-cop nmod nsubj
boon<-advmod det nmod
standard<-case acl:relcl nmod amod
roller<-case amod
change<-cop advcl amod
evidence<-cop advmod acl amod
businessman<-det compound
Politburo<-case nmod:poss compound
plan<-case appos det
brand<-det compound
cheer<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod advcl
opposition<-nmod:poss nmod
portfolio<-dep det
cheap<-cc cop conj nmod neg
prohibit<-cc advcl dobj nsubj
diminish<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
equity<-case det
foe<-compound
buy<-nsubj neg nmod dobj aux mark
estimate<-appos
reaction<-det amod
contact<-aux dobj nsubj
put<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod:tmod nmod compound:prt
menu<-case det nmod amod
strike<-case amod
lira<-case nummod
property<-case cc conj nmod:poss
result<-cc acl:relcl nmod:poss nmod
competition<-case dep
not<-nmod:npmod nmod
advisory<-det nmod
destroy<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
level<-det nmod det:predet
continue<-nmod:tmod dobj
jump<-advmod nsubj
fell<-dobj nsubj
Belli<-case
raise<-case det nmod compound
end<-advcl mark
extensive<-xcomp cop advmod neg nsubj
9,800<-advmod
article<-det amod
statement<-det nmod
buoy<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
owner<-case nmod
recommendation<-det nmod
risk<-compound amod
wendy<-case cc conj
tribute<-nmod
year<-cop nsubj cc nummod advmod conj
pilot<-case det acl
(<-auxpass advmod dobj
Rainman<-case nmod:poss nmod
1.88<-case advmod
procedure<-case acl:relcl det
pattern<-dep amod
advertiser<-case det amod
none<-case advmod
news<-acl:relcl amod
move<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
markdown<-det amod
crisis<-cc cop conj advmod det
computer<-cop advmod det compound
drinking<-cc dep
receive<-advcl advmod dobj nmod nsubj
municipality<-case amod
popularity<-nmod
build<-aux ccomp nsubj
Composite<-case det
steelmaker<-case amod det det:predet
trial<-amod
sale<-case appos compound
bad<-aux cop nsubj nmod mark
involve<-nsubj ccomp mark
know<-cc conj ccomp mark
cure<-xcomp mark
plight<-dep
rise<-dep compound amod
focus<-ccomp nsubj
producer<-det compound
market<-cop advmod det nmod amod
present<-case det nmod compound
antagonize<-cc neg nmod dobj dep conj mark
resume<-aux dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
Investors<-case amod
head<-case nmod
clause<-dep det
report<-cc ccomp nmod nsubj
balloon<-nummod acl:relcl
mud<-case acl:relcl det
evening<-case advmod det
learn<-aux nsubj dobj mark
billion<-dep advmod nmod compound
devastation<-dep det compound
end<-compound det amod
stay<-advmod nmod advcl
captivate<-case
choke<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
limit<-dep nmod nsubj
estate<-case cc conj amod
tell<-dobj iobj nsubj
lease<-nmod:poss
resign<-aux nsubj mark
withdraw<-aux nmod nsubj
compete<-dep nsubj dobj advmod mark
expand<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
volume<-det
cattle<-case amod
strain<-xcomp nsubj cc nmod advcl aux
movement<-case det acl
dalliance<-case amod
merit<-case cop
$<-nummod nmod:poss nmod
cell<-advmod det det:predet
likes<-case cc conj nmod:poss
buoy<-dobj
immoral<-nsubj
flight<-case compound amod
datum<-dep compound
have<-neg nsubj dobj mark
downsizing<-dep amod
nation<-case
earthquake<-advmod det
rediscover<-mark nsubj
profit<-case dep amod
tone<-det amod
end<-nsubj nmod:tmod nmod dobj aux mark
bank<-case nummod acl amod
buy<-case det amod
danger<-case cop advmod advcl acl
rollup<-case det amod
likely<-xcomp cop nsubj advmod mark aux
branch<-dep det
legislation<-nmod
selling<-cop nmod amod
acquire<-xcomp aux mark
differential<-det amod
leadership<-case cc appos det compound conj
fill<-compound nmod:poss nmod amod
occupation<-case
Miranda<-appos compound
homeowner<-dobj nmod mark
Springs<-case cc conj
fashion<-acl compound
doom<-case
thing<-cop nummod acl
swing<-advcl nsubj mark
spy<-dep dobj nsubj
badge<-dep compound
Postal<-case compound
collar<-det det:predet
Chevrolet<-dep
use<-case det nmod compound
conservative<-case
involve<-dobj mark
regulation<-amod
give<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj iobj aux
die<-advmod nmod nsubj
market<-case dep det compound
ambassador<-advmod det nmod
line<-cc nmod amod acl:relcl compound conj
turn<-dobj advmod mark
accept<-mark
settle<-aux nmod mark
leave<-aux nmod mark
bias<-det
had.but<-parataxis advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
ballooning<-nmod compound
relinquish<-nsubj cc nmod mark advcl conj dobj
conceal<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
D.<-nummod acl:relcl compound
it<-case cc conj cc:preconj
have<-nsubj cc dobj mark conj ccomp
participation<-case compound nmod amod
rank<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
Manville<-acl:relcl
expectation<-dep amod
know<-nsubj ccomp dobj
market<-case dep nummod amod
planning<-nmod
disclose<-aux nmod neg nsubj
cut<-advmod dobj nsubj
add<-advcl advmod dobj mark
hard-bitten<-advmod det nmod
youth<-nmod:poss
period<-dep compound det amod
stonemason<-det
get<-nsubj cc advmod nmod:tmod dobj advcl conj
telephone<-det acl
bribe<-det
turnaround<-dep det nmod
holding<-case acl:relcl compound
game<-cop compound det amod
airport<-dep det
Committee<-cc conj acl:relcl compound
P/E<-det
Union<-nmod compound
who<-dep
wages<-nmod
pipe<-case compound amod
aide<-det
wage<-dobj nmod mark
home<-dep nummod
generate<-dobj nmod mark
switch<-dep det nmod amod
model<-compound nmod amod
inspire<-xcomp mark
fewer<-cc conj
brand<-nmod
sharing<-cop neg nmod mark expl aux
cell<-det compound
vacancy<-det
district<-case
membership<-compound
inquire<-dep advmod dobj nsubj
Banks<-dep nmod compound
earnings<-nummod nmod:poss
phrase<-appos det amod
other<-acl:relcl
Group<-dep
election<-cop compound nsubj
wake<-advmod dobj compound:prt nsubj
March.Just<-case nmod amod
send<-dobj mark
structure<-case advmod nmod dobj
shareholder<-case det nmod
receive<-cc conj ccomp nmod nsubj
pleasing<-cc conj
48.375<-case dep advmod
chair<-nmod
skid<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
15<-cc conj
add<-ccomp nmod advcl
comment<-acl:relcl det
insurer<-det nmod
reorganization<-case det
media<-amod
provision<-case nmod:poss nmod
relate<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
Honeywell<-case nmod
dislocation<-dep det amod
jail<-case nummod compound nmod amod
Venture<-case amod
John<-case compound
worry<-cop dobj neg expl
3.68<-dep
terminal<-case compound det amod
25<-dep compound
Series<-case dep det
panel<-det nmod amod
expand<-advcl aux dobj nmod nsubj
Wichita<-case
leisure<-case cc conj compound
telecast<-det compound
term<-compound det amod
stake<-cc conj
libel<-case
citizen<-det
due<-dep nmod:tmod
pass<-nmod dobj
Vogelstein<-appos compound
Intel<-acl:relcl
try<-xcomp parataxis
damage<-det nmod amod
require<-aux dobj
focus<-cc nmod
wife<-dep advcl nsubj
prostaglandin<-amod
threaten<-xcomp mark
thing<-acl amod
forecast<-case dep det
development<-compound
original<-dep ccomp
lack<-case det nmod amod
bike<-case det amod
situation<-case nmod:poss compound
value<-nummod advmod
forecast<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
wardrobe<-nsubj advmod mark
enter<-xcomp advmod nmod nsubj
care<-case cc conj compound
Turner<-dep compound
dinner<-det compound
make<-dep dobj nmod mark
disappear<-compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
rule<-case advmod det
daughter<-dep nmod
yank<-case cc conj nmod dobj
account<-compound amod
recorder<-case cc conj amod
professional<-xcomp
sucker<-case
anticipation<-case acl
suffer<-auxpass nmod
hierarchy<-compound
vote<-det nmod amod
Bonn<-cc conj
plaintiff<-case nmod
volume<-compound nmod:poss amod
increase<-nsubj dobj ccomp
itemize<-aux dobj neg nsubj
local<-nmod
designate<-dep advmod
goal<-case det nmod amod
argue<-xcomp nsubj
devote<-auxpass nmod
segment<-det
Avenue<-compound
feel<-parataxis advcl ccomp nsubj
yield<-cc conj advmod nmod dobj
agree<-advmod nmod nsubj
computer<-nummod advmod
head<-det compound
read<-xcomp mark
supplies<-det nmod
disintegration<-case
tug<-det amod
more<-amod
business<-case cc conj det
footage<-nmod compound
1932<-case appos
control<-aux dobj neg nsubj
credibility<-case acl:relcl nmod
accomplish<-aux dobj
Branca<-compound
Perlman<-case compound
vote<-case nummod det
shop<-compound det amod
computer<-nmod compound
catastrophe<-case det
crowd<-dobj nmod nsubj
fare<-xcomp
form<-aux advmod dobj
set<-cc auxpass conj
Group<-acl:relcl compound det nmod amod
long<-case neg
force<-aux nsubj dobj mark
talk<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
Stallone<-case dep amod cc compound conj
bribe<-cop compound
fund<-cop advmod nmod amod neg
lapse<-case nmod amod
Hollywood<-nmod
assistance<-compound
share<-dep advmod nsubj
bestow<-cop nsubj nmod ccomp
bishop<-dep advmod
happen<-advcl nmod nsubj
industry<-case cc conj det amod
egg<-det amod
Purnick<-compound
warning<-compound advmod det amod
265/8<-dep compound
bear<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
select<-dobj mark
perform<-dep advmod nsubj
district<-cc nummod conj amod
commission<-compound nmod amod
about<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
impeachment<-compound
play<-dep advmod nsubj
night<-appos det
shell<-compound
run<-advmod nmod:tmod nsubj
security<-compound amod
system<-case cc conj compound amod
roomette<-case nummod compound
it.if<-aux ccomp
rule<-advmod nmod
they<-cop
volatility<-nmod
schedule<-cop advmod det nmod nsubj
legislation<-nmod amod
cut<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
achieve<-xcomp
realize<-aux advmod ccomp neg nsubj
1.03<-dep acl:relcl
Pinick<-case compound
bang<-case det
auction<-det amod
competition<-case nmod amod
Redford<-case compound
have<-advmod nsubj ccomp nmod mark
habit<-compound
slide<-det compound
mushroom<-case appos
scandal<-case compound det nmod amod
Mitchell<-case cc conj nmod compound
acquire<-advmod ccomp
hero<-compound det amod
know<-aux advcl neg
Lipstein<-cc appos compound
get<-dep nsubj nmod mark
life<-case dep amod
absence<-case cc conj det nmod
dislike<-xcomp nmod nsubj
quote<-advmod nmod dobj auxpass nsubjpass advcl
snow<-cc conj
Darman<-case
upgrade<-det
Club<-cop nsubj cc nmod compound conj
Webster<-compound
Ashland<-dep
lighter<-advmod advcl
cast<-dobj
support<-xcomp
hate<-parataxis advmod dobj nsubj
bond<-det nmod ccomp
way<-cop nsubj advmod det nmod mark aux amod acl
admit<-case appos compound
make<-cc conj nmod
kidnap<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
appear<-cc conj advcl nmod nsubj
exercise<-cop nmod nsubj
predecessor<-case dep acl:relcl
place<-case acl:relcl det
foundation<-cc conj amod
involvement<-nmod nsubj
explosion<-cc conj acl:relcl det
reroute<-case det
point<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
we<-case cop conj cc:preconj cc
cover<-ccomp
design<-cop nsubj cc acl conj mark
lot<-det nmod amod
loosen<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj
tumble<-case det nmod compound
middle<-advmod
photograph<-nmod:poss
slope<-amod
agent<-case compound
withhold<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
earn<-xcomp advmod nsubj
%<-dep parataxis nummod
them.if<-dep compound
post<-aux nsubj dobj mark
negotiate<-aux nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
trading<-xcomp mark
step<-cop advmod det nmod amod
add<-dobj advmod nsubj
quote<-auxpass nmod:tmod nmod
want<-xcomp nsubj dep neg advmod aux
{<-amod
adorn<-ccomp nsubj
renounce<-advmod
restructuring<-nmod:poss amod
congress<-case det nmod
show<-advmod compound:prt nmod nsubj
office<-compound nmod amod
viability<-cc conj amod
limit<-cc cop conj nmod
object<-case amod
monitor<-aux advmod dobj
Paris<-dep
someone<-case appos amod
bankruptcy<-det
easy<-xcomp cop nsubj advmod nmod advcl
spur<-nmod dobj
formula<-case dep det
be<-neg advmod
power<-case det compound
Dataproducts<-dep
church<-case det amod
lurch<-advcl nmod nsubj
onus<-case det nmod
news<-dep cop advmod nmod amod
line<-xcomp compound:prt nmod nsubj
food<-case acl:relcl compound
drag<-xcomp aux nsubj advmod advcl
McDonald<-case cc conj appos
expensive<-xcomp cop nsubj dep advmod mark
Rey<-compound det amod
vulnerable<-nmod
range<-case cop amod det mark
scratch<-case
signal<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
leader<-dep nmod amod
reach<-aux nsubj advcl dobj mark
apply<-ccomp nsubj
ban<-det nmod amod
yield<-dep advmod dobj
pay<-advcl dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
program<-case nmod:poss acl
hearing<-nmod amod
say<-xcomp aux dep nsubj mark
charge<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
interest<-dep compound
{<-acl compound
speculator<-amod acl:relcl compound
photograph<-nmod:poss nmod amod
call<-case nummod compound
outflank<-advcl dobj nmod mark
cut<-nsubj cc neg nmod compound:prt aux
determine<-xcomp
treatment<-case nmod:poss nmod
govern<-dobj mark
get<-aux dobj neg nmod nsubj
projection<-nmod:poss nmod
report<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
fill<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
have<-advcl ccomp advmod nsubj
gum<-case nmod
shoot<-compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
listen<-xcomp aux nsubj
title<-dep nmod:poss amod
breaker<-cc conj nmod:poss compound
take<-aux advmod nsubj nmod mark
career<-case
succeed<-nsubj cc advmod nmod:tmod ccomp aux compound:prt
3.87<-dep
lower<-advmod dobj mark
expand<-dobj mark
figure<-cc conj compound:prt mark
24<-case dep advmod compound
protect<-mark
water<-ccomp mark
work<-nummod nmod compound
advise<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
cool<-cop advmod nmod
summon<-dep auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
highlight<-dobj nmod mark
Community<-det compound
royalty<-nmod compound
arrive<-nmod mark
biography<-cop det nmod nsubj
liquidate<-case
bust<-cop advmod det mark
disruption<-case
response<-compound det nmod amod
determine<-cc conj nsubj ccomp mark
charge<-case det
Prozac<-case
remain<-nsubj compound:prt nmod mark
factor<-nmod mark
switch<-advcl nmod nsubj
run<-cc aux conj nmod nsubj
criticism<-nmod compound
pony<-advcl compound:prt dobj nsubj
security<-dep
race<-case dep det compound
elderly<-cop
appropriate<-cop
start<-aux advmod neg nsubj
shot<-det nmod
319,000<-case dep conj cc
wad<-det nmod
judge<-det compound
engineer<-det compound
Strip<-case cc conj det
exciting<-cop mark
enable<-xcomp nsubj dobj mark
negotiation<-nmod
attractive<-cop nsubj advmod nmod mark advcl
mayor<-case det nmod
do<-advcl nsubj dobj
one<-case acl:relcl det
Breeden<-nmod compound
start<-advmod nmod nsubj
acquire<-advmod nsubj nmod dobj
drought<-case det
grounds<-case
sport<-case dep compound amod
balance<-case appos
advise<-aux nmod dobj
9.6<-cop appos nsubj
arrive<-nsubj nmod advmod ccomp
unlikely<-cop nsubj cc advmod nmod mark conj
deny<-aux dobj nsubj
uninformed<-advcl
Atkins<-acl:relcl compound
knot<-case cc conj compound
mixture<-case nummod nmod
40<-case
sweep<-case det nmod amod
strengthen<-advcl dobj mark
talent<-nmod:poss amod
up<-dep cop parataxis nmod nsubj
accuse<-auxpass nmod
contemplate<-dobj
ask<-aux nmod dobj
suggest<-nsubj ccomp mark
performance<-nmod:poss nmod amod
press<-dep nmod:poss
category<-case nmod:poss compound
figure<-case nummod advmod acl
handle<-case advmod nmod
difference<-dep nummod
year<-cop nsubj det nmod amod aux
squalor<-advmod nmod:poss amod
tie<-nsubj dep nmod compound:prt advcl aux
sponsor<-nsubj dobj mark
undefined<-dep advmod amod
beret<-case amod
skill<-case amod
foot<-nmod nsubj
Harriton<-appos amod compound
fair<-cop nmod mark
position<-case
send<-case det nmod compound
comment<-aux nsubj nmod neg mark
4.97<-dep
Macmillan<-det
want<-nsubj nmod mark
fray<-case det compound
complete<-cc conj
decline<-case det nmod compound
ensure<-dep ccomp mark
stake<-nmod:poss amod
80,000<-advmod
segment<-acl det compound
group<-dep det
risk<-case acl:relcl det
%<-dep nummod compound
archive<-case det amod
american<-dep auxpass nsubjpass nmod dobj
machine<-case nummod amod
ship<-aux nmod nsubj
double<-advmod nmod amod
Parker<-dep compound
fashion<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
sentencing<-amod
want<-compound:prt nsubj
change<-nmod compound
creature<-cop det nmod nsubj
flier<-case nummod compound det amod
limit<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
legitimacy<-nmod:poss amod
ponder<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass ccomp
(<-advcl nsubj
reunification<-cc conj
critic<-nmod:poss
propose<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
go<-cop advmod nsubj
arrangement<-case acl:relcl det amod
build<-dep dobj nsubj
oil<-case cc conj
market<-compound nmod:poss acl:relcl amod
north<-amod det nmod compound
vote<-xcomp mark
proceedings<-nummod nmod:poss compound
showing<-nmod:poss nmod amod
redeem<-parataxis advmod dobj nsubj
configuration.that<-case nummod
order<-aux cop nsubj
become<-xcomp nsubj cc neg nmod aux conj
bond<-nsubj det nmod dobj compound amod
trouble<-cop nsubj cc advmod mark dep conj ccomp
union<-dep
corporation<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss amod
want<-parataxis nsubj dobj
America<-case det compound
crop<-case det compound
general<-cop advmod mark
83/4<-dep nmod compound
image<-dep amod
demand<-case compound advmod nmod mark
avoid<-neg ccomp
Project<-case det nmod compound
allegation<-nmod
Hongkong<-cc conj
say<-advcl advmod dobj nmod nsubj
tender<-nsubj nmod mark
signal<-dep cop nsubj
yesterday<-dep acl:relcl
Chino<-compound
seven-bedroom<-ccomp nsubj
145/8<-dep nummod nmod
afford<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
rank<-case det nmod compound
lock<-compound:prt dobj
gain<-cc conj dobj ccomp nsubj
sense<-case nmod amod
capita<-case
option<-nummod acl:relcl compound
supporter<-cop amod det nmod mark
judgment<-det amod
difficult<-nsubj
testimony<-case nmod:poss nmod
dinner<-case det amod
lose<-advmod dobj mark
organization<-case cc conj amod
fragile<-cc cop conj
Democrats<-nummod acl:relcl det
lag<-cc dobj nsubj
womanize<-case cc conj
trail<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
lead<-aux advmod nsubj
Washington<-case appos
study<-det nmod
own<-advcl nsubj mark
say<-dep advmod ccomp
Administration<-case acl:relcl det compound
talk<-case cop nmod nsubj
reveal<-auxpass nmod
week<-case nmod amod
rule<-cc conj dobj
come<-auxpass nsubjpass advcl
meltdown<-case det
different<-dep
asian<-case cc conj amod
accept<-xcomp nmod nsubj
donnybrook<-compound det amod
sale<-case acl:relcl amod
payer<-case amod
Norton<-compound
proviso<-det nmod
Port<-dep compound
conservative<-dep cop nmod
put<-cc dep det
note<-dep nsubj advmod dobj
slow<-compound:prt
aspects.However<-nmod:poss amod
seek<-aux advmod dobj
Florida<-dep
execution<-nmod
coalition<-amod
attach<-nmod dobj
transport<-case cc conj
cut<-nsubj neg nmod dobj aux mark
calculation<-nmod
decide<-aux dobj nsubj
executive<-appos amod
discourage<-xcomp dobj nsubj
Fitzwater<-appos compound
hamper<-auxpass nsubjpass advcl
block<-cop nsubj det nmod amod compound
116,385,000<-dep nmod
age<-case cop nsubj advmod det nmod advcl
follow<-nsubj neg advmod dobj aux mark
appointment<-nmod:poss
government<-compound det amod
shrink<-cc auxpass nsubjpass conj mark
savvy<-amod
business<-case compound det nmod amod
chairman<-cop compound
quiet<-dep cop advmod nsubj
negotiator<-det
leveraged<-cop advmod advcl nsubj
outfielder<-nsubj
wednesday.but<-cop ccomp nmod nsubj
they<-dep acl:relcl
year<-case cc nummod appos conj
hit<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj
learn<-aux nmod nsubj
suspect<-cc cop conj nsubj
blow<-case
earthquake<-amod
level<-case cop nummod advmod det ccomp
remain<-xcomp aux nsubj advcl
push<-xcomp dobj
find<-cc advmod ccomp nsubj
personnel<-case acl
hostage<-det
let<-advcl dobj
pool<-case dep compound det amod
sale<-case det nmod compound
customer<-case acl amod
have<-nsubj ccomp advmod dobj
combination<-case det amod
surge<-dep dobj nsubj
privatize<-advcl dobj
friendship<-det nmod amod
masseuse<-det compound
arrangement<-amod compound
send<-nsubj dobj nmod:tmod nmod advcl
clobber<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
affair<-det compound
frankly<-aux advcl nsubj
year<-cop nmod amod
defection<-det nmod
undersubscription<-cop amod det mark
trashing<-compound
closer<-cop nmod advcl
year<-cop advmod det nmod nsubj
investing<-case acl:relcl
suppose<-xcomp auxpass advmod nsubjpass
compare<-advcl nsubj mark
Republicans<-case nmod compound
Eubank<-appos compound
fair<-cop nsubj nmod mark
little<-cop advmod ccomp
underwrite<-nsubj dobj advmod advcl
210<-cop nsubj cc det acl:relcl aux conj
Oz<-case
executive<-case det
district<-det
398,000<-case dep
hotel<-case cc conj nmod:poss amod
sentence<-cop nmod
Amex<-case acl:relcl
course<-case det amod
insist<-cc nmod nsubj
area<-case advmod det nmod
Lawson<-cc conj appos compound
concede<-advmod ccomp
prod<-case nmod
lag<-nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
listen<-advmod nmod
wrong<-cop advmod
take<-xcomp dobj
advice<-compound amod
Boeing<-case
posturing<-case det amod
disagree<-cc nsubj
target<-nmod:poss
submit<-xcomp advcl dobj nsubj
(<-cc conj nsubj ccomp mark
model<-dep cop det nsubj
estimate<-dep nsubj
forfeiture<-det amod
turn<-advcl nsubj compound:prt mark
amortization<-nmod:poss nmod amod
foolhardy<-aux cop nsubj
cushion<-case det nmod compound
Orr<-case nmod compound
guard<-nmod
native<-nmod:npmod cc conj nmod
attitude<-cop amod det nsubj
insulin<-case amod nmod:poss det:predet
discourage<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
shelter<-case det nmod compound
veto<-appos nmod:poss
Knudsen<-compound
demobilize<-dobj advmod mark
look<-dep cop dobj nmod nsubj
normalcy<-case
limit<-case acl:relcl det nmod amod
petition<-case det nmod
company<-case det nmod compound
approve<-nsubj cc neg dobj aux conj
higher<-cc conj advmod nmod
dine<-aux advmod nmod neg nsubj
accompany<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
problem<-case dep acl:relcl nmod:poss
burn<-nmod amod
jobs.the<-case acl:relcl amod
careful<-amod
deadlock<-compound
news<-appos
rate<-case acl:relcl det
begin<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod mark
underperform<-dobj mark
NBC-TV<-case
chauffeur<-auxpass nmod
debate<-case det nmod
victim<-case
photo<-acl:relcl nmod
find<-xcomp dobj mark
Palestinians<-dep det
bounce<-case det amod
even<-nmod ccomp
68-ounce<-case
implicate<-dobj mark
set<-auxpass nsubjpass dobj
japanese<-det acl
time<-cop nummod nmod
expense<-nmod amod
fusion<-case det nmod amod
five<-case acl
room<-neg nmod
Stamford<-dep
mirror<-dobj mark
break<-nsubj mark
communicate<-nmod mark
bank<-dep amod
package<-case nummod amod
underperform<-aux dobj nmod:tmod advcl nsubj
Glass<-appos compound
fund<-cc dep advmod
wonder<-dep neg acl:relcl
use<-dep aux dobj advmod nsubj
Treasury<-dep det
%<-cc nummod advmod conj
trade<-nummod nmod
specifically<-nmod
corner<-cop
peace<-cop compound
raider<-nmod:poss amod
mill<-case nummod nmod
fundamental<-dep det
Kawasaki<-dep nsubj
require<-dep xcomp nsubj
fit<-det det:predet
assume<-nsubj dobj mark
trading<-nmod compound
meeting<-compound
inflate<-case dep
expect<-aux nsubj
r<-nummod det
chief<-compound det amod
regulate<-cop nsubj cc neg nmod conj
unit<-case nummod acl:relcl det
environmentalist<-appos det
sing<-dobj
ERC<-case
investor<-acl
post<-det nmod amod
work-rule<-cc conj
Oct.<-case dep nummod nmod
chide<-advcl dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
worker<-case nummod
ant<-acl:relcl det nmod compound
security<-case advmod compound
element<-cop advmod det nmod
one<-cop nsubj advmod nmod acl:relcl advcl
Somoza<-case compound
xenophobic<-cop nsubj cc advmod nmod:tmod advcl conj
pattern<-case acl:relcl det compound
talk<-aux nmod dobj
Education<-cc dep conj acl:relcl compound
ignore<-nsubj dobj mark
show<-cc dobj iobj nmod nsubj
defense<-case advmod acl:relcl
eat<-nsubj dobj mark
(<-cc cop conj
1.10<-case dep
Corp.<-acl:relcl acl compound
rise<-dep det compound
Kossuth<-amod compound
in<-dep cop ccomp nsubj
Square<-compound
resist<-ccomp
docudrama<-case cop det mark
Tomash<-compound
standing<-case nmod nsubj
FTC<-case det
do<-advcl advmod nsubj
throw<-dep nmod dobj
lead<-xcomp nsubj mark
minister<-appos nmod:poss compound
give<-aux ccomp nmod nsubj
desecration<-det compound
slip<-nsubj mark
have<-dep nsubj ccomp dobj
pull<-advmod nmod mark
experience<-parataxis aux dobj nmod nsubj
stigma<-acl:relcl det compound
force<-amod nmod compound
drop<-aux advcl nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
be<-xcomp dobj
payment<-case advmod compound
robbery<-nummod compound
benefit<-case acl:relcl nmod amod
sign<-acl:relcl det nmod compound
grimness<-case compound
campaign<-acl:relcl nmod amod
use<-nsubj nmod mark
split<-advcl dobj nsubj
workout<-case det nmod
use<-aux advmod advcl nsubj
10.01<-cc conj
split<-parataxis dobj nmod nsubj
call<-cop advmod det amod nsubj
carry<-nmod compound:prt
domestic<-cc conj nmod:poss
sit<-aux nmod nsubj
condemn<-dobj nmod mark
hemorrhage<-case nmod
weakening<-case det nmod amod
Advertising<-case cc conj compound
inspire<-dobj mark
Daniel<-advmod compound
stance<-compound det amod
land<-dobj
bid<-appos det nmod amod
activity<-dep det
Holt<-appos compound
Miller<-case cc conj
exchange<-case advmod nmod:poss nmod compound
Boehm<-compound
Penn<-amod compound
3.64<-dep
500,000<-dep cc conj
forcefulness<-nmod:poss nmod
part<-case acl:relcl det amod
receive<-parataxis aux nsubj nmod mark
cross<-xcomp nsubj advcl
cycle<-nmod
papers<-det nmod
Sala<-case compound
start<-dep advmod dobj nsubj
success<-compound
competition<-nmod amod
graduate<-advmod nsubj
you<-dep cop
Paramount<-acl:relcl
appear<-xcomp advcl nmod nsubj
territory<-case det amod
ideology<-dep cc conj
M'Bow<-case compound
bank<-dep compound
siphon<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
weapon<-cop det nmod amod
look<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
servant<-case cc conj amod
double<-dobj nmod nsubj
influence<-case
intend<-xcomp
travel<-advmod mark
possible<-dep cop neg
resemble<-nsubj ccomp mark
threat<-advmod det compound
take<-dep aux dobj iobj mark
alter<-advmod dobj mark
small<-cc cop conj cc:preconj advmod
available<-cop nsubj advmod nmod:tmod nmod aux
Teknowledge<-compound
Jupiter<-dep
radio<-case cc conj det
D.<-dep compound
call-in<-nmod:poss compound
relevant<-cop nsubj ccomp neg mark
return<-dep nmod:poss
soup<-case det
show<-cc dep conj dobj compound:prt
reply<-ccomp
compare<-advcl
provide<-aux dobj nmod mark
waiver<-acl:relcl det
surrender<-det
reasonable<-xcomp cop
product<-dep advmod nmod:poss
produce<-dep nmod:tmod dobj
lira<-nummod advmod det amod
attendant<-compound amod
way<-cop acl det mark
(<-case compound acl:relcl amod
emerge<-nsubj ccomp nmod mark
CBS<-case acl:relcl
holding<-nsubj nmod:tmod nmod mark
block<-ccomp mark
old.after<-nsubj dep nummod advmod dobj compound aux
auction<-aux cop advmod nmod nsubj
have<-xcomp advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
worrisome<-cop advmod
difficulty<-det
day<-nummod compound amod
Cronkite<-compound amod
also<-nmod
power<-cc conj amod
561/4<-dep compound
quartet<-case nmod:poss
debut<-cop cc advmod det nmod conj
Eastern<-compound
people<-cop nmod compound
forecast<-nmod compound
have<-cop advcl mark
Grenada<-cc conj advmod
increase<-cc conj compound
gamble<-advcl mark
surge<-compound amod nsubj
when<-cc dep
assemble<-xcomp advmod dobj nsubj
jitters<-dep nmod
investor<-cc acl:relcl
session<-nummod
6.6<-advmod
bring<-nsubj advmod nmod:tmod nmod dobj aux
ask<-aux nsubj
money<-case dep advmod det
long<-nsubj
fill<-advmod dobj mark
quake<-acl:relcl det
Ross<-cc conj nmod compound
ERC<-nsubj nmod ccomp
transaction<-dep det compound
set<-aux auxpass nmod compound:prt
emphasis<-nmod:poss
investment<-nmod:poss amod
exposure<-dep amod
downgrade<-case amod
mean<-cc aux ccomp neg nsubj
question<-acl:relcl det
stalin.more<-case
223/8<-dep compound
facility<-nmod compound
result<-case nmod compound
honesty<-case amod
computer<-case cc conj
attach<-nsubj ccomp mark
manager<-case nummod compound det amod
bowl<-det nmod
child<-case advmod nmod:poss
minimize<-dobj
appal<-xcomp cop
recall<-parataxis nsubj
carp<-case
idea<-nmod amod
bounce<-advmod nmod:tmod nsubj
increase<-advcl aux dobj nmod nsubj
subcontractor<-cop nsubj advmod nmod mark aux nmod:poss
example<-dep cop det nmod amod
technology<-case cc conj acl:relcl det
CIA<-case det nmod
Architects<-case compound
some<-case cc conj nmod
disproportionate<-cop nsubj dep advmod nmod aux
Short<-dep compound
say<-dep advmod dobj nsubj
exacerbate<-nsubj dobj mark
company<-aux cop det acl:relcl nsubj
ad<-dep det
building<-dobj mark
tack<-det nmod amod
masseur<-compound det acl:relcl amod
tension<-case amod
impress<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
nameplate<-det compound
report<-nsubj ccomp mark
include<-nsubj neg advmod nmod mark aux
syngery<-case cc conj nmod
like<-cc dep advmod dobj
borrow<-xcomp cc advmod nmod mark conj
argue<-aux ccomp
message<-cop compound det acl:relcl nsubj
total<-det
relation<-nmod amod
give<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
bourbon<-nummod amod
useful<-cop nsubj cc advmod mark advcl conj
subterfuge<-case compound
picture<-cc conj det
home<-nmod amod
suit<-case acl det compound
officially<-advmod nmod
regard<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
Westboro<-dep cc
1.93<-dep
Petrie<-cc conj compound
integrate<-dep nmod ccomp
expectation<-det nmod
topicality<-case
Akzo<-advmod
Carson<-appos compound
drop<-cop det nmod amod
manage<-xcomp nsubj mark
institutional<-cc conj
sign<-case appos
businessman<-cc conj det amod
Tuesday<-nummod acl:relcl
ad<-dep nmod:poss
spend<-advcl nmod compound:prt
Agency<-dep compound det amod
harbor<-amod
Teagan<-cc conj compound
center<-nummod compound ccomp amod
product<-case det acl
govern<-aux nmod ccomp
incline<-xcomp cop advmod nsubj
publisher<-cop nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
worker<-case nummod nmod
indication<-cop nmod mark
player<-compound amod
signal<-case det amod
possible<-dep aux cop nmod nsubj
1111/8<-dep nmod compound
plant<-case amod det compound
pub<-case nmod:poss
device<-case compound acl:relcl amod
model<-case acl:relcl det amod
brag<-nmod nsubj
take<-cc conj dobj nsubj
insurer<-advmod
way<-cop advmod det nsubj
electroluminescence<-case appos
portray<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
outlay<-case det
invest<-aux compound:prt ccomp nsubj
economist<-det nmod amod
affiliate<-cc conj
relationships.earlier<-case dep compound amod
come<-advcl advmod nsubj
evade<-dobj nmod mark
chance<-case advmod det acl
magnify<-cop advmod nmod
grudging<-cop advmod advcl nsubj
workstation<-case cc conj
possibility<-case det nmod
presence<-det nmod amod
increase<-dep aux advmod advcl nsubj
pay<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj aux conj
time<-cop advmod det amod
apartheid<-case amod
landscape<-case det
buying<-acl:relcl nmod amod
rush<-case det compound
flank<-nmod
avoid<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
interested<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
draw<-compound:prt nmod mark
71<-case
federal<-cc conj cc:preconj
claim<-acl:relcl amod
blues<-case nmod:poss
air<-case acl:relcl det amod
reach<-nmod nsubj
challenger<-case det compound
evaluate<-aux ccomp nsubj
intention<-case det nmod
class<-amod
series<-dep det nmod
sun<-dep det
tell<-ccomp advmod dobj nmod nsubj
shock<-nsubj nmod dobj mark aux compound:prt
search<-nmod compound
Warshaw<-compound
leave<-nsubj advcl ccomp mark
Muslims<-nmod
play<-nmod dobj
reward<-aux nmod nsubj
negotiation<-nmod:poss acl
make<-dobj ccomp mark
negotiate<-xcomp dep nmod mark auxpass nsubjpass dobj
thrift<-cc conj det
want<-dep dobj nsubj
look<-case cc conj advmod
misfortune<-case det nmod
dwarf<-dep cc det amod
explore<-advmod dobj nsubj
market<-cop nsubj nmod amod mark nmod:poss
900-telelaw<-case compound
someone<-case dep
virtue<-case advmod acl
buff<-amod
first<-cc conj
Texan<-case acl:relcl det
Warner<-cc conj acl:relcl
relationship<-amod
sure<-advcl aux cop neg nsubj
win<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
mark<-cc conj dobj nsubj
asset<-nmod nsubj
process<-acl:relcl det
yen<-dep nummod nmod
open<-cop nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
jealousy<-det amod
Citizens<-appos
control<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
performance<-dep nmod:poss
$<-nummod advmod acl amod
provide<-advcl
876,706<-case dep conj cc
push<-advmod nmod mark
Thurber<-case
make<-advcl aux dobj advmod nsubj
movie<-nmod amod
number<-acl:relcl nmod:poss
volatility<-compound
try<-dobj
alley<-det compound
rule<-nummod nmod
accuse<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
entwine<-advmod nmod
Grannies<-case appos
insurance<-cc conj nmod:poss
lover<-acl:relcl
far<-advcl cop nsubj advmod mark
back<-nmod amod
owner<-appos compound amod
load<-ccomp mark
Republic<-case det compound
die<-xcomp nsubj dobj
like<-aux neg nsubj
occupy<-nmod dobj
position<-det compound
something<-cop acl:relcl neg
revenue<-case acl:relcl
the<-amod
poll<-compound
successor<-case amod
engrave<-compound det nmod amod
nation<-cc det nmod
month<-appos advmod
Gourlay<-amod compound
car<-case dep conj cc amod
branch<-case dep det nmod compound
share<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
game<-nmod amod
work<-aux nsubj nmod advmod advcl
plan<-xcomp nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
hearing<-case cop det advcl
hurt<-advmod nsubj
project<-nummod nmod
September<-case dep nmod
fund<-case compound nmod:poss acl:relcl amod
gap<-case compound det amod
bond<-case acl:relcl det
elect<-aux dobj
company<-cop nsubj neg det nmod amod advcl
come<-xcomp advmod mark
airing<-det nmod amod
penny<-case nummod advmod nmod
computer<-case det amod
Nora<-cc conj
19<-case det amod
operate<-nsubj compound:prt dobj advmod mark
correlation<-det amod
Audi<-case cc conj acl:relcl
4.38<-dep
they<-cc conj advmod
education<-det amod
appear<-dep cc conj nmod
tame<-dobj
member<-case nmod:poss
put<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj aux
election<-cop compound
inch<-nummod nmod
interest<-case cop acl nmod:poss nsubj
provide<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
scapegoat<-det nmod
present<-dep cop nsubj
setup<-case det amod
c<-case acl:relcl
await<-nsubj dobj mark
pay<-advcl nsubj dobj mark
bill<-case acl:relcl amod
successful?because<-dep cop advmod
design<-cc cop conj acl
step<-acl:relcl det
Bulgaria<-case advmod
provision<-nmod compound
down<-case nmod:npmod
9.33<-dep
double<-nmod dobj
wrong<-cc cop conj advmod nsubj
24<-case dep advmod
bust<-case det
corporation<-det acl
slow<-cop advcl
catamaran<-case det nmod amod
Warner<-case cc conj
average<-case nmod
attach<-nsubj nmod advmod ccomp
brilliantly<-compound
we<-dep nmod mark
get<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
train<-xcomp nsubj advmod mark
field<-cop nmod nsubj
stake<-neg nmod amod
test<-det compound
roll<-advmod nmod nsubj
backstage<-nmod
use<-case nmod:poss amod
Americans<-case det amod
Union<-acl:relcl det compound
owner<-advmod det nmod det:predet
know<-cc conj nmod dobj
parity<-case
read<-compound:prt
amazing<-ccomp
CBS<-case nmod
unprepared<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
counsel<-compound
booster<-case nmod:poss compound
McGwire<-cop compound
retailer<-case
reach<-cop nsubj mark
pledge<-xcomp nsubj
diversify<-advcl advmod nmod mark
complete<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
half-interest<-det nmod
largely<-nmod:npmod
crackdown<-appos det
soda<-case
technique<-nummod
Union<-nmod:poss compound
mismanagement.Farmers<-ccomp
typically<-advmod
that<-case dep
open<-mark
disrupt<-cc auxpass nsubjpass conj mark
ounce<-nummod nmod
stinger<-case cc conj
official<-acl compound
influence<-dep neg amod
brighten<-case
Lorin<-cc conj compound
lead<-case nummod
softness<-nmod
insure<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
pill<-det acl
newsletter<-dep det compound
Duke<-cc appos conj compound
contract<-neg nmod amod
bring<-aux dobj advmod nsubj
speculator<-nummod det compound
blank<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
file<-cc conj nmod dobj
best<-cc conj
service<-case det amod
relief<-nmod:poss
strong<-cop nsubj cc advmod advcl conj
more<-case det
incompetently<-cop advmod
go<-advcl dobj mark
mouse<-case
girl<-det amod
something<-appos
11.41<-dep
salary<-case cc conj
rise<-case cop det nmod
come<-cc advmod nmod dobj conj compound:prt
GNP<-case amod
know<-cc aux xcomp neg nsubj
tell<-dep mark dobj nmod nsubj
billion<-case nmod:tmod nmod compound
city<-compound det amod
forecast<-case det
collection<-compound
look<-case compound nmod amod
Gabor<-cc conj nmod compound
control<-cop acl:relcl neg nsubj
stem<-dobj nmod nsubj
page<-case advmod det amod
send<-parataxis dobj mark
meet<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
appeal<-cc conj nmod nsubj
moderate<-dobj nsubj
62<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
unchanged<-xcomp aux dobj
Ontario<-case cc conj nmod dep
1/20<-advmod
learn<-dep aux nmod nsubj
UMW<-case det
thrive<-aux cop nsubj
hole<-advmod compound:prt nmod nsubj
bid<-dobj nmod mark
minuscule<-cc aux cop nsubj
regulator<-amod
alter<-case ccomp nmod dobj
subcommittee<-case det nmod compound
coordinate<-aux nsubj dobj mark
gas<-case det compound
Brady<-case compound
request<-aux dobj
share<-dep
see<-nsubj dobj advcl
principal<-ccomp nsubj
reaction<-compound
nothing<-cop
Va.<-compound
black<-nmod:npmod cop nsubj
toiletries<-case cc conj
want<-xcomp aux advmod dobj nsubj
spark<-advcl dobj mark
Haag<-compound
closing<-dobj
value<-aux cop nsubj nmod mark
trend<-dobj mark
plunge<-advmod nmod nsubj
apology<-case
involve<-dep nsubj
relationship<-cc neg conj nmod amod
mean<-cop cc advcl det amod expl aux conj
imagine<-aux dobj nsubj
tent<-det amod
accounting<-case amod
production<-case nmod:poss compound
58<-dep compound
trade<-cop dep neg advmod cc conj
congratulate<-dobj nmod mark
Oppenheimer<-cc conj
disruption<-case det nmod
orchestra<-det amod
adjust<-case nmod
pothole<-nmod
drop<-dep det compound
commentator<-det amod
diversion<-det acl
veteran<-det nmod
GAF<-case
Sloan<-nmod compound
fine<-case dep det amod cc conj
way<-cop det nmod
list<-compound amod
rate<-dep det nmod amod
innovation<-case amod
decade<-nummod advmod det
institution<-acl:relcl det
ride<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
replicate<-dep nsubj nmod mark
sentence<-case det nmod compound
portfolio<-dep det amod
exemplify<-dobj nsubj
Books<-case
problem<-dep nmod:poss
comparison<-case det nmod amod
charge<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
give<-nsubj cc dobj iobj aux conj
decline<-amod
bench<-dep
year<-case dep advmod det amod
recovery<-case nmod
employ<-aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod
point<-case det nmod
cents.gasoline<-nummod
jail<-case cop advmod nmod
Drago<-nmod:poss compound
guarantee<-dobj nmod mark
producer<-amod
threaten<-xcomp nsubj
visa<-case det
be<-cc dep nsubj
Republicans<-dep acl:relcl amod
childhood<-case det amod
Coopers<-case cc conj
departure<-det nmod
Jr.<-case appos compound
high<-cop advmod nmod:tmod nsubj
base<-appos det compound
stage<-case compound
woman<-acl:relcl
subside<-case neg dep advmod compound
challenge<-ccomp mark
do<-advmod nsubj nmod dobj
crazy<-cop nsubj advcl
mildly<-advmod
presence<-case det
Oakland<-nmod
scrounge<-advmod nmod nsubj
Invasion<-case nmod:poss nmod
shut<-compound:prt
prohibition<-neg acl:relcl amod
legacy<-dep cop det nmod nsubj
29<-case dep
rival<-dep compound nmod:poss amod
spin<-nmod dobj
head<-nsubj advmod mark
income<-amod compound
shift<-case cc conj det
Sit<-advmod nmod
building<-case compound amod
lead<-case cc det nmod compound conj
savings<-cc conj compound
mob<-case det compound
buying<-dep
Wain<-dep compound
use<-aux nsubj nmod mark
theft<-case cc conj
assumption<-cc conj nmod amod
nurse<-case cc conj
stock<-case acl:relcl amod
cover<-case det nmod compound
ask<-aux nsubj ccomp advcl
dizzy<-auxpass nmod
543,000<-case dep
turn<-det amod
duo<-case det compound
blocker<-det compound
request<-nmod compound
order<-cop nummod advmod nmod advcl
process<-dep det nmod
help<-acl:relcl det det:predet
project<-advmod dobj nmod mark
loan<-case nmod:poss amod
resort<-xcomp nmod
supplier<-case cc conj compound
acquire<-dobj advmod mark
U.S.<-case cc conj det dep
warrant<-xcomp nsubj nmod:tmod mark
style<-case det compound
cooperation<-case cc conj amod
start<-nsubj advmod mark
move<-case acl:relcl det
deductible<-case det nmod amod
value<-det
purchasing<-cop nmod compound
make<-case cc conj dobj
routine<-acl det compound
need<-cc nsubj dobj advcl
debut<-nmod:poss
628<-dep compound
Chemical<-cc conj
commuter<-case
quiet<-advmod
news<-det compound
Life<-cc dep conj compound
admission<-case nmod:poss amod
split<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
seek<-dep aux dobj nmod nsubj
320<-dep cc conj compound
suspend<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
house<-case cc conj det nmod
Lortie<-compound
firm<-case nummod compound
arrange<-advmod nsubj
flooding<-ccomp
disk<-nummod det
get<-advmod compound:prt
strike<-dobj nmod mark
openness<-case
appropriation<-case nmod amod
end<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
mandate<-det nmod amod
store<-case
sell<-aux dobj nmod advmod nsubj
call<-advcl nsubj mark
have<-cc dep conj ccomp nsubj
company<-dep appos det
retailer<-advmod det amod
overrun<-compound amod
disappointment<-cop dep det nmod cc conj
Jersey<-appos compound
later.the<-parataxis ccomp nsubj
company<-case cop amod
triple-a<-nmod:npmod cop nmod
camera<-compound amod
security<-case nmod:poss amod
democracy<-cc dep advmod
Richmond<-dep
hold<-ccomp advmod dobj nsubj
take<-cc aux advmod neg nsubj
honesty<-case
plant<-nmod amod
do<-cc conj dobj advmod mark
earn<-dep advmod ccomp
campaign<-case nmod
homeowner<-case dep det amod
pricing<-case nmod:poss nmod
have<-aux nmod neg nsubj
Boeing<-case nummod det nmod
come<-cc conj advmod nmod
withdraw<-advmod dobj nsubj
misdemeanor<-cc conj advmod det amod
acquiesce<-det compound
appearance<-det nmod
less<-cop ccomp
campaign<-case nmod:poss acl
quit<-nmod nsubj
serve<-aux nsubj
ivory<-case nmod:poss
Capital<-dep compound
IAFP<-det
play<-nsubj neg advmod nmod dobj aux mark
watch<-ccomp nsubj
choice<-det amod
case<-case compound
1<-dep nmod
thank<-dobj nsubj
end<-nsubj nmod mark
think<-ccomp nmod nsubj
Kentucky<-case
determination<-amod
country<-case nmod:poss amod
risk<-neg nmod
reason<-aux nummod cop acl:relcl nsubj
grind<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj aux mark
party<-cop det nmod compound
reduce<-cc nmod:tmod nmod dobj conj mark
winner<-case nmod:poss conj det cc
huddle<-cc conj nmod nsubj
near-mutiny<-det
%<-cop nsubj nummod det nmod compound
hopeless<-nmod
fit<-advcl nsubj dobj mark
own<-aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod
BNL<-compound
program<-nummod det compound
player<-compound nmod amod
freeze<-advmod dobj
government<-nmod:poss amod
15/8<-dep compound
hundred<-amod
dangle<-cop cc nmod dobj advcl conj
Haiti<-case
point<-case cop nsubj dep nummod advmod
marginally<-advmod
vacancy<-case compound amod
cringe<-ccomp nsubj dobj advcl
billion<-case advmod
announce<-dep nsubj ccomp mark
trill<-amod
%<-dep cop compound advmod mark
believe<-aux ccomp nsubj
suggestion<-compound
worry<-advmod dobj nsubj
intent<-cop nsubj nmod advmod mark
stop<-case det amod
inside<-dep nsubj
reduce<-nsubj advcl ccomp mark
research<-xcomp nsubj mark
people<-cop amod det acl nsubj
expert<-case acl:relcl det amod
decline<-case appos det compound
Coates<-case
hand<-case compound
exist<-aux nmod neg nsubj
ease<-advcl nsubj nmod mark
reauthorize<-dobj mark
Montana<-case cc conj
affiliate<-nmod:poss compound
Management<-case nmod compound
bottle<-nsubj cc nmod dobj conj ccomp
live<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
cope<-nsubj nmod mark
toehold<-case nmod
Thurmond<-compound
render<-dobj nmod mark
explode<-nsubj ccomp mark
change<-dep compound det advmod det:predet
prize<-advmod ccomp nsubj
get<-advcl advmod mark
Harrison<-appos compound
item<-nmod amod
worry<-advmod ccomp
introduction<-case det nmod
disappear<-aux nsubj mark
pull<-advmod mark
vanish<-dep advcl nmod mark
recall<-ccomp nmod nsubj
court<-amod det compound
volatility<-dep
Park.Yet<-case compound
sick<-cop advcl
oust<-mark
check<-dep dobj
latter<-case amod
clear<-cop ccomp neg nsubj
capable<-cop nmod nsubj
so<-cop nsubj ccomp mark
acquisition<-cc conj det
dump<-xcomp advmod nsubj
launderer<-case compound
challenging<-nmod mark
world-wide<-nmod
borrowing<-neg advmod acl:relcl
have<-nmod:tmod nmod
cut<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj conj
exposure<-det nmod amod
tank<-dep advmod
client<-cc conj
margin<-case compound det nmod amod
offer<-ccomp nmod nsubj
settle<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
lesson<-case compound det nmod amod
where<-cc dep advmod
reason<-cop det amod
come<-advcl nsubj nmod advmod mark
allocate<-nmod nsubj
excitement<-det
cumbersome<-dep cop advmod
citizen<-case acl:relcl amod
wing<-case compound
continue<-xcomp aux expl mark
quarterback<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
year<-advmod acl:relcl amod
front<-case acl
consensus<-dep det amod
fittest<-case det
stadium<-det compound
bunch<-cop advmod det nmod amod acl:relcl
investor<-case cc det amod compound conj
take<-aux nsubj compound:prt dobj mark
over<-dep cop nmod nsubj
rumor<-case cc conj
by<-cop ccomp nsubj
restore<-advmod dobj nmod mark
Oakes<-case appos compound
mink<-cc conj compound
shift<-advcl nsubj nmod:tmod nmod mark
worsen<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
performance<-nmod:poss amod
use<-cop nsubj advmod mark
have<-nsubj ccomp nmod:tmod nmod mark
recover<-nsubj neg advmod ccomp aux mark
swig<-cop nummod amod nmod nsubj
passion<-cop advmod nmod:poss nmod
do<-dep advmod nsubj
wait<-nummod nmod:poss nmod compound
shun<-cc dobj
picture<-det compound
900<-case
premium<-case dep conj cc nmod
cheating<-case
detail<-cop det acl
director<-det nmod amod
set<-xcomp aux compound:prt neg nsubj
investor<-cop acl:relcl
well-meaning<-cc conj
tangle<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
return<-dep acl:relcl compound
rise<-nummod nmod
thing<-cop amod det acl:relcl nsubj
go<-advmod compound:prt nmod nsubj
cycle<-nmod:poss nmod amod
release<-cop nsubj nmod mark advcl aux
use<-xcomp dobj nmod mark
be<-advmod nsubj nmod mark
Celimene<-case
indictment<-case compound
Grove<-case compound
fire<-dobj nmod mark
pie<-case det compound
punch<-cc conj ccomp compound:prt
legislation<-acl:relcl amod
blanket<-case det nmod
B.A.T<-dep
deficiency<-case cc conj nmod:poss
Exxon<-nmod
inventory<-det nmod
give<-aux dobj iobj neg nsubj
interest<-case compound amod
family<-nummod nmod
lottery<-det
lengthen<-aux advcl nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
issuance<-case
norm<-dep
smile<-advcl nsubj
jacket<-det compound
mean<-cc xcomp nsubj
organization<-case dep amod
463/4<-dep nmod compound
skin.It<-amod
FDA<-case det compound
predicament<-nmod nsubj
amendment<-advmod det amod
revival<-case nmod
installation<-nmod
bill<-case nmod
upset<-neg dobj mark
middleman<-case acl:relcl det
Dynamics<-dep compound
respond<-nmod ccomp
combate<-dobj mark
drive<-nsubj cc advmod nmod mark conj
fall<-cc conj
intriguing<-advmod
verse<-det amod
commitment<-dep nmod
make<-cc conj cc:preconj dobj mark
tabloid<-det
settlement<-case det compound
assumption<-case amod
ceasefire<-det amod
shareholder<-cc conj nmod:poss appos compound
delay<-cc conj dobj nsubj
Medicaid<-case cop advmod advcl
settlement<-cc conj det nmod amod
AFL-CIO<-cc conj det
center<-case cop nsubj det nmod mark aux
lead<-xcomp dobj nsubj
trouble<-case amod
require<-advmod nsubj
report<-case det nmod
go<-aux compound:prt neg nsubj
remain<-xcomp nsubj advmod mark
line<-cop amod det mark
type<-nmod amod
just<-advmod nmod
bargain<-nmod mark
file<-nmod:tmod nmod advcl
reign<-det nmod
wait<-nmod:tmod mark
service<-appos det nmod amod
program<-dep compound
try<-aux dobj advmod nsubj
survey<-ccomp mark
bother<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
equity<-cop nsubj mark
concession<-acl:relcl det compound
trim<-nmod:tmod
impressed<-cop nmod nsubj
Book<-amod compound
research<-nsubj
Mandela<-case amod compound
throw<-advmod dobj
fund<-cc conj cc:preconj nmod amod
daughter<-case det nmod
preppy<-advmod
longer<-cop neg
repeat<-case det nmod
wait<-xcomp neg
director<-acl compound
supplier<-cop det nmod amod
charge<-ccomp
accompaniment<-case det nmod
Armuelles<-case acl:relcl compound
buyer<-case cc conj compound
10:40<-case advmod nmod
administration<-case
Council<-case compound
newsletter<-det
plan<-advmod det compound
wrangling<-cc conj det nmod amod
climb<-nsubj dep neg advmod cc aux conj
tougher<-nmod nsubj
God<-case cc conj
president<-cop nsubj cc acl:relcl compound conj
people<-cop advmod acl:relcl
Antonio<-case compound
chairman<-amod
fear<-cc conj nmod nsubj
case<-dep cop det
price<-case acl:relcl det nmod
set<-auxpass
hear<-aux nmod nsubj
growth<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
291/2<-case
society<-case compound
enemy<-det amod
regulate<-advcl
thinking<-nmod:poss nmod
responsive<-aux cop nmod nsubj
seem<-nmod ccomp
1988<-case advmod acl:relcl
tamper<-case
ask<-xcomp neg nsubj dobj mark
attitude<-nmod nsubj
agent<-appos nsubj
say<-dep dobj ccomp nsubj
worker<-case advmod amod
try<-nmod
Baer<-case cc conj nmod compound
say<-nsubj ccomp nmod advcl
gun<-det nmod
test<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod:tmod mark
6.1<-nmod
accomplish<-aux nsubj advcl mark
keep<-nsubj dobj mark
cast<-det
Interior<-case cc conj det
create<-aux dobj mark
bid<-dobj compound:prt
victory<-det nmod amod
pool<-case dep advmod det amod compound
subject<-cop nmod:poss amod
Swedish<-det
express<-xcomp dobj nsubj
case<-case nummod amod
cut<-nmod:tmod advcl
Calif.<-advmod
crash<-cc conj det nmod
get<-aux nsubj nmod dobj
Fund<-nmod:poss nmod
shipyard<-dep det
Mitsukoshi<-case
drill<-det nmod compound
review<-neg nmod amod
unit<-det nmod amod
contract<-acl:relcl det compound
fund<-case dep advmod compound
exist<-cc advcl conj dobj mark
syndicate<-case det amod
parallel<-cc conj amod
series<-cc det nmod amod compound conj
I<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
proposal<-dep nummod
boost<-aux nsubj dobj advcl mark
Carr<-nmod compound
turnover<-dep det
pour<-nsubj compound:prt nmod advcl
cent<-cc nummod conj
excuse<-det nmod
destruction<-case det compound
1111/2<-dep compound
hear<-cc conj
milk<-case cc conj
symptom<-det
agree<-xcomp nsubj advmod nmod:tmod nmod dobj
closer<-cop nsubj nmod mark
prisoner<-case det amod
course<-case advmod nmod
Chemistry<-case
worst<-cc conj
inch<-advmod nmod nsubj
regroup<-advmod dobj nsubj
hire<-xcomp cop parataxis nmod mark
lot<-case compound amod
11<-case dep
quote<-det acl
1761.0<-case
company<-cop nsubj cc det mark compound conj
trim<-cop
a<-nmod
indictment<-neg
run<-neg nmod compound:prt auxpass nsubjpass advcl
affirm<-ccomp
reason<-cop nummod
discount<-dep advmod dobj
revive<-dobj nmod nsubj
countercultural<-advmod
4.90<-dep det amod
wait<-dep det
fall<-nmod:poss amod
Streep<-compound
objective<-nmod:poss compound
first<-case cop nsubj dep det mark aux
cover<-dep aux dobj nsubj
repeat<-dobj nmod mark
stock<-case dep det compound
Index<-case nummod det compound
magazine<-case cc conj
reiterate<-ccomp nmod:tmod nsubj
novel<-cc conj
share<-case nummod advmod
announce<-parataxis nmod nsubj
GM<-case appos
resolve<-aux nsubj ccomp neg mark
nightmare<-cop det
kid<-case nsubj cc det aux conj
visit<-det compound
100<-dep
Oil<-case nmod compound
consequence<-det
seek<-aux advcl dobj
closer<-advmod nmod
bid<-dep nmod:poss
fall<-dobj mark
4,170<-case
hope<-aux nsubj ccomp
tie<-advmod nmod nsubj
individual<-case amod
Needham<-compound
notify<-cop nmod
number<-compound det nmod amod
information<-case dep amod
rate<-nummod det nmod compound
undisciplined<-case cop nsubj dep advmod det nmod mark
credibility<-cc conj nmod:poss nmod
tell<-aux ccomp advmod dobj nsubj
class<-case cc conj
write<-cc conj advmod nmod
want.starting<-dep nmod:tmod
find<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
tune<-case
busy<-cop ccomp
consult<-nsubj cc neg nmod aux conj
maneuver<-case amod
maturity<-case det nmod amod
shock<-case
smother<-aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod neg
color<-nummod det nmod
London<-cc conj
embezzle<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
believe<-cc dep ccomp nsubj
victim<-cop det nmod nsubj
wide<-dep cop
smaller<-cop nmod mark
officious<-cop advmod nsubj
democracy<-case det
drunkenness<-case cc conj
machinist<-case det
life<-det amod
source<-case det amod
investors.But<-dobj mark
Stores<-dep compound
accomplish<-auxpass
Panamanians<-nummod
bugaboo<-cop det nmod
rise<-case dep nmod:poss compound
container<-case
have<-nsubj ccomp dobj nmod mark
vacating.In<-auxpass ccomp nsubjpass mark
wave<-case compound det amod
glitch<-det nmod
quality<-case cc conj amod
predict<-nsubj ccomp advmod mark
pistol<-nummod amod
plant<-case nmod:poss
north<-case det nmod
trade<-aux nmod neg nsubj
limit<-compound nmod:poss amod
three<-dep cc
curb<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
base<-cc cop conj nmod:poss nsubj
express<-dep
Starr<-nmod compound
Resources<-compound
billionaire<-case det amod
Goncharov<-nmod
Mort<-case
withhold<-xcomp
Europe<-cc conj det compound
hour<-compound amod
correct<-dep dobj mark
devotion<-nmod
share<-case nmod:poss nmod
purpose<-det
Motors<-appos compound
nick<-xcomp auxpass advmod nmod
smile<-cc cop conj advmod nsubj
compatriot<-amod
transmit<-nmod ccomp
sell<-dep aux nmod dobj
Standard<-case cc conj
gyration<-amod
slum<-det compound
widow<-case det
Politics<-cc conj acl:relcl
depress<-cop mark
refer<-xcomp nsubj
less<-dep cop nsubj mark
call<-aux dobj nsubj
carry<-auxpass advmod nmod
endorse<-dep dobj
land<-dep nmod
live<-dep cop nsubj mark
dilemma<-nmod:poss
distributor<-case acl:relcl amod
cost<-nmod amod
grain<-cc conj
close<-case compound nmod amod
retire<-aux advcl nsubj
complete<-neg cop
be<-dep neg dobj nsubj
sharper<-det
scatter<-cop nmod
enter<-advcl aux advmod nmod nsubj
hold<-case nmod:poss compound
away.but<-dep cc advmod nmod
succession<-case det nmod
stock<-cop compound amod nsubj
fire<-dep cop nmod nsubj
re-evaluate<-dobj mark
soon<-cc dep advmod
limit<-cc cop conj advmod
buzz<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
account<-case amod
force<-acl:relcl
be<-neg nsubj advcl
Metall<-compound
deepen<-case
belief<-det amod
admit<-aux dobj nsubj
process<-cop nmod nsubj
allege<-aux ccomp nsubj
debt<-nmod:poss nmod
happen<-parataxis aux neg nsubj
Oct.<-case nummod advmod nmod
shock<-dep cop dobj
trend<-det nmod amod
Philo<-compound
reluctance<-det nmod
come<-aux nsubj ccomp nmod mark
pay<-advcl advmod dobj
news<-nmod compound
people<-case acl:relcl det amod
supplier<-case appos det amod
1.2795<-case dep
l.a.law<-nmod:poss
settle<-advmod nmod mark
114<-advmod
high<-aux cop nmod advmod nsubj
do<-aux nsubj ccomp nmod advcl
decline<-cc det nmod amod
student<-case amod
McGlade<-nmod compound
across-the-board-cut<-cop ccomp nmod nsubj
high<-cop nsubj
fight<-det compound
outlet<-case cop det compound
adjust<-nmod nsubj
MCA<-cc conj
opportunity<-cop amod det nsubj
barrier<-compound amod
create<-advcl dobj nmod mark
compensation<-case
waste<-cc conj dobj mark
take<-nsubj neg advmod compound:prt aux dobj
694<-case
Paul<-case nmod compound
70,000<-case cc conj advmod compound
sell<-dep mark advmod dobj nsubj
first<-aux cop nsubj nmod mark
inability<-case
movement<-case acl det nmod amod
investment<-cop nsubj det amod acl:relcl mark
divide<-xcomp
top<-dep compound
Chinese<-det
pride<-cc conj amod
acquire<-case
undecided<-cop nmod
stronger<-cop nsubj cc ccomp conj mark
head<-dep nsubj nmod dobj
event<-det amod
turn<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
power.business<-case nmod
hearing<-ccomp nmod mark
increase<-compound nmod amod
Depression<-case det compound
mainstream<-case cop det nmod
take<-aux advmod neg nsubj
election<-det compound
raise<-compound:prt ccomp dobj
amateur<-advmod amod
link<-aux nmod neg nsubj
pasture<-case nmod:poss
estimate<-det nmod ccomp
statute<-compound
get<-xcomp advcl mark
shift<-aux advmod nmod dobj
clothes<-nmod:poss amod
create<-case cc conj nmod dobj
superior<-nmod
1.6055<-case dep nmod:tmod
hedge<-acl:relcl det amod
prepare<-cc xcomp auxpass nsubjpass
player<-case compound det det:predet
celebration<-case det nmod amod
devise<-ccomp mark
Act.The<-case nummod det compound
government<-case cc conj nmod
dispute<-case det nmod amod
country<-nummod
bar<-ccomp
Smith<-cc conj compound
rearrange<-cc conj dobj
friend<-case dep advmod det nmod amod
poet<-det amod
ratify<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
round<-cop nsubj det nmod amod aux
date<-aux auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
chance<-det nmod nsubj
result<-case
trading<-advmod amod
building<-case compound nmod:poss amod
enjoy<-nsubj nmod mark
show<-compound:prt ccomp nsubj
subsidiary<-compound det nmod amod
scoff<-nmod:tmod nmod advcl
spend<-ccomp mark dobj nmod nsubj
Stehlin<-det compound
institution<-case det nmod amod
bit<-advmod compound
wage<-case det nmod amod
manager<-case cc conj compound amod
spur<-compound det amod
beat<-dobj
roll<-case det compound
staff<-cop nsubj advmod nmod acl:relcl aux
extend<-aux advmod
creditor<-nmod:poss
requirement<-acl:relcl amod
Aluminium<-dep compound
relocate<-aux nsubj nmod mark
incomprehensible<-case det
Midwest<-case det
personality<-det amod
begin<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
Japan<-case nmod amod
note<-dep cop acl:relcl det amod
friendship<-case det nmod
wealthy<-xcomp
due<-cop advmod
share<-cc conj nmod compound
anticipate<-nmod csubj
Utsumi<-compound
response<-det amod
proportion<-det amod
multiple<-dep
coup<-case acl:relcl amod
mention<-dobj nsubj
approval<-case
surge<-dobj
step<-dobj compound:prt
spending<-cc conj nmod compound
move<-nummod advmod nmod
member<-cc nummod conj amod
set<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
chief<-case nmod compound
26.29<-xcomp
Kimbrough<-case compound
insist<-nsubj ccomp mark
but<-dep advmod
discover<-dobj nmod nsubj
move<-aux advcl neg nsubj
channel<-dep det
reply<-nsubj ccomp
impact<-compound amod
advanced<-nummod
300<-case
make<-nsubj cc nmod dobj advcl conj
diploma<-case cc conj det compound
Levy<-case compound
word<-dep det
conveniently<-advmod
part<-appos det nmod amod
deposit<-case cc conj amod
commission<-amod
cause<-nmod:poss nmod
)<-xcomp neg nsubj
concentrate<-advcl nmod mark
record<-dep compound
Allianz<-appos
israeli<-cc conj det
newspaper<-det amod
19<-case dep advmod
publisher<-case nmod
wait<-nmod:tmod nmod
firm<-det nmod amod
lawyer<-acl:relcl det compound
Fund<-acl
privilege<-case
company<-dep cop det nmod compound
nervous<-cop advmod
IAFP<-case appos det
confuse<-nsubj
continue<-aux dobj nsubj
pay<-det amod
worry<-dep dobj
provoke<-aux nsubj ccomp advmod mark
warm<-cc cop conj dobj
Hunt<-case cc conj compound
circumstance<-case appos det
L.P.<-dep
threat<-nmod:poss compound
let<-advcl aux compound:prt neg nsubj
Agnos<-advmod compound
view<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
eyeball<-advmod nsubj
director<-case det compound
chairman<-cop nsubj cc nmod dep compound conj
cut<-case dep det
outlay<-case nmod amod
remind<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
whipsaw<-auxpass nmod
second-guessing<-dobj mark
power<-neg
begin<-cc conj nmod:tmod
live<-advcl mark
controversy<-case det
residence<-case det nmod amod
ill<-nmod:poss
everybody<-advmod nmod
disarray<-case cop advmod
close<-cc conj dobj nmod mark
pummel<-aux auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
neglect<-case cc conj nmod
trust<-acl amod
stay<-xcomp nsubj cc nmod:tmod aux conj
skiing<-nmod
division<-case cc conj nmod:poss compound
authoritarian<-cop
propose<-cc cop advmod xcomp nsubj
version<-nummod amod
churn<-iobj nsubj compound:prt dobj mark
town<-acl det compound
settle<-case dep dobj
leaner<-cc conj nsubj
high-tech<-case
offer<-advmod det
forgive<-dobj mark
kill<-aux nsubj ccomp mark
Ingersoll<-acl
farmer<-compound det nmod amod
Deaver<-case compound
enable<-dobj mark
port<-case det
stem<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
medicine<-acl:relcl
force<-dep aux nsubj xcomp dobj
rating<-det compound
borrow<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj
rule.another<-case amod
tumble<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
dictator<-appos compound det acl:relcl amod
contract<-nmod amod
approach<-nmod:poss nmod amod
estate<-case nmod:poss nmod
40,000<-dep acl:relcl det
creditor<-case cc conj
drama<-det
sedan<-cc conj nmod:poss compound
salespeople<-nmod
bay<-case acl:relcl det nmod
413/4<-dep nmod compound
backside<-nmod:poss
planner<-acl:relcl det compound
fall<-case nmod compound
source<-det
Nomination<-det compound
August<-case advmod
push<-dep dobj compound:prt
determine<-ccomp
G.m.b.H.<-case appos nmod compound
company<-dep compound det amod
audience-friendly<-advmod
record<-dobj nmod nsubj
everybody<-cc conj nmod dobj
benefit<-dep det compound
life<-dep amod
undertake<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
company<-case dep
Netherlands<-case appos det
uncertainty<-dep auxpass advmod
pick<-dobj compound:prt mark
undertake<-aux dobj nsubj
buy-out<-cc conj det
study<-case det compound
Kopp<-compound
convert<-cc conj nmod mark
tax<-cop
ammo<-case cc conj
year<-case nummod acl:relcl det amod
significant<-cop advmod nmod
ministry<-case det amod
pregnant<-nmod
apply<-nsubj nmod mark
Attridge<-dep compound
mine<-det amod
Hurwitt<-appos compound
theme<-det
Rubenstein<-nmod compound
set<-case nmod:poss compound
year<-cop nmod nsubj
concern<-cop advmod nmod
promotion<-case acl:relcl det
up<-cc
happen<-advmod ccomp nsubj
have<-nsubj dobj nmod advcl
Trade<-case cc conj
wish<-xcomp nmod nsubj
cynical<-cop nmod
rise<-case dep compound
job<-case nmod:poss amod det compound
tighten<-compound:prt nmod mark
pick<-aux nmod nsubj
doubt<-ccomp advmod dobj nsubj
bring<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
congressman<-case dep compound
stand<-case compound
Laboratories<-case nmod compound
climb<-dep nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
crew-rest<-cc cop conj det nmod
years.price<-case nummod
endure<-dobj
clump<-case appos
write<-advmod
Schuman<-case compound
job<-nmod amod
inch<-nsubj nmod:tmod compound:prt advcl aux dobj
arbitrager<-det nmod compound
career<-advcl nmod nsubj
enter<-cc conj advmod nmod
push<-advmod compound:prt dobj nsubj
link<-cop amod det nmod nsubj
emulate<-auxpass nmod
happen<-xcomp nsubj mark
laugh<-cc conj compound nmod nsubj
ridicule<-dep compound
high.the<-cop nsubj cc advmod mark conj
perspective<-nmod:poss nsubj
bike<-det nmod
Poll<-det compound
complete<-dep cop advmod nmod advcl
baptism<-cop det nmod nsubj
perk<-compound:prt
collateral<-case
institution<-acl:relcl
broaden<-ccomp
Greenspan<-case acl:relcl compound
proportion<-case det
want<-dep aux nsubj advcl dobj
people<-case cop cc advmod nmod compound conj
hook<-case det compound
space<-case det compound
preclude<-advcl aux dobj neg nsubj
income<-case nmod compound
earnings<-case nummod nmod compound
course<-acl det amod
jolt<-auxpass nmod
year<-nummod appos
document<-cop acl:relcl det amod
steel<-compound amod
gain<-advmod nmod:poss nmod amod
increase<-xcomp
soar<-advmod nmod nsubj
conviction<-dep
side<-dep nmod
say<-parataxis nsubj ccomp
reader<-case nmod:poss acl
Treasury<-det compound
1.6030<-case dep
replace<-ccomp mark
reveal<-xcomp mark
falter<-cc advcl nsubj
confirm<-advcl dobj
debenture<-case nummod nmod:poss amod
watch<-advmod nsubj
charge-off<-nmod amod
Star<-det
activity<-compound nmod amod
inflation<-dep det
Kyong<-acl:relcl compound
put<-compound:prt nsubj
thwart<-dobj mark
rally<-dobj nsubj
drain<-advcl nsubj dobj mark
attempt<-case det compound
Parliament<-nmod:poss
proceeds<-nmod:poss nmod amod
there<-nmod:npmod
stake<-case compound det amod
theme<-dep det amod
era<-det
Princeton/Newport<-case appos
know<-aux neg
contribution<-det nmod compound
implication<-cc det nmod acl
lease<-cc conj dobj nmod mark
host<-compound
apt<-xcomp cop cc advmod advcl conj
significant<-xcomp advmod nmod
shortage<-case amod
rule<-case nmod:poss
process<-xcomp advmod nsubj
fill<-case compound det nmod amod
abortion-rights<-case
narrative<-cop cc det nmod amod conj
do<-dep advmod ccomp
unwarranted<-cop advmod
finance<-aux advcl
insurer<-case det nmod
goods<-cc conj acl:relcl amod
opponent<-appos acl:relcl
alternative<-acl:relcl det
black<-cc conj amod
free<-neg
June<-case nummod acl:relcl
saving?Surely<-aux nsubj det advcl mark
Cowan<-cop nsubj cc appos compound conj
performance<-dep amod compound
cattle<-case nmod
company<-acl:relcl compound det nmod amod
170<-case dep
solution<-neg nmod amod
Tolstoy<-case
slip<-case det compound
middleman<-compound amod
silky<-nsubj dobj mark
maker<-dep det amod
everybody<-cc acl:relcl
collapse<-advmod nmod
leave<-nmod advcl
skr29<-acl:relcl compound
ready<-xcomp cop nsubj cc advmod mark conj
net<-case det compound
measure<-cc conj mark dobj nsubj
auction<-det compound
government<-dep
publish<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj conj
halt<-case dep det
deletion<-case amod
function<-dobj nmod nsubj
forget<-nmod
corporate-earnings<-case amod
work<-dep aux nsubj
dramatic<-advmod nsubj
write<-nsubj nmod mark
holding<-case dep nmod:poss
serious<-dep aux cop dobj nsubj
price<-cop acl mark
Jarrett<-nmod:poss compound
offer<-case det nmod compound
encouraging<-cop nsubj advmod mark
mirror<-cop nsubj det acl:relcl mark
target<-nmod:poss nmod
share<-case amod det compound
get<-nsubj advmod compound:prt mark aux dobj
fly<-dep nmod mark
Catholic<-cop amod det nsubj
restructure<-xcomp advmod
stunned<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass mark
LBO<-case appos det amod
item<-appos compound
leave<-aux nmod nsubj
concern<-amod nmod compound
clout<-amod
1909<-case nmod
Fryar<-det compound
infected<-cc conj
sale<-cc compound acl:relcl amod
delivery<-amod nmod compound
5,599<-dep nmod
part<-case nmod:tmod nmod
test<-cop amod nmod mark
concentrate<-dobj mark
billow<-xcomp advmod nmod csubj nsubj
predict<-cc advmod nmod dobj aux conj
plague<-advmod dobj
vomica<-dep compound
Amado<-compound
launch<-case compound det nmod amod
trace<-dobj mark
mile<-cop nummod nmod
lumberyard<-case det nmod amod
issue<-dep nmod compound
zone<-case advmod compound
isabellum<-nmod
masquerade<-case compound amod
urgency<-case
2,440<-case
openness<-case amod
word<-det nmod amod
predict<-nsubj cc neg dobj aux conj
nature<-dep amod
contrast<-case amod
sleep<-dobj nsubj
aggregate<-case nmod
information<-case det det:predet
reconciliation<-case
Ritterman<-compound
big<-det nsubj
gpa<-case
reverse<-advcl advmod dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
work<-nmod compound:prt
cope<-mark
academia<-cc conj
1.73<-dep
10.44<-case compound
deliver<-aux advmod nsubj
Francisco<-amod
barge<-det nmod compound
president<-case nmod:poss amod
1,482<-case advmod nmod:tmod
ususal<-nmod
err<-aux nmod nsubj
straight<-advmod
whitewash<-case det
situation<-case amod
tuck<-nsubj compound:prt nmod dobj mark
Korotich<-appos compound
price<-case compound det nmod amod
jet<-det amod
manager<-advmod det compound
engineer<-case amod advmod compound
restructure<-case
seem<-xcomp advmod
recruit<-cop nmod
think<-aux nsubj nmod dobj
official<-det nmod
urgency<-det amod
end<-dobj nsubj
Spain<-case compound
decline<-appos compound det nmod amod
Merksamer<-case
make<-advmod dobj
talk<-xcomp advmod nmod nsubj
cram<-cc conj dobj
topic<-case acl:relcl det compound
talk<-cop nmod mark
help<-dep dobj nmod mark
rally<-nmod nsubj
lease<-case
pay<-aux dobj nmod neg
prospects<-case acl:relcl amod
Matthews<-case dep det cc compound conj
imagine<-nsubj mark
cancellation<-dep det
maturity<-case acl
store.he<-det compound
29<-dep compound
work<-amod det det:predet
refuse<-cc conj dobj iobj mark
stupid<-cop nsubj cc neg advmod conj
Corp.<-compound acl:relcl amod
slip<-det nmod
10015/32<-case advmod
Toys<-dep compound
swivel<-acl:relcl
513/4<-case
keep<-dep advmod nmod:tmod nmod
pass<-aux advcl nsubj
puzzling<-cc cop ccomp nmod nsubj
Council<-compound amod
indicative<-cop nmod neg nsubj
negative<-cop advmod
activist<-amod det compound
protest<-advcl aux dobj nmod nsubj
many<-dep cc
assumption<-cc conj acl:relcl det
distress<-case nmod:poss
irresponsible<-cop
describe<-nmod advcl
Neptune<-case
option<-nsubj
violate<-nsubj ccomp mark
think<-cc nmod
move<-aux nmod dobj
repayment<-nmod
good<-cop advmod nmod
resume<-nmod nsubj
strategy<-appos det nmod
characterize<-dobj nmod mark
Donnelley<-case cc conj compound amod
spending<-det
method<-nmod amod
expansion<-case nmod:poss det amod
drive<-nmod
life<-nmod amod
potential<-case amod
statement<-compound det acl:relcl amod
perfect<-cc cop conj
watch<-cc neg advmod ccomp advcl conj
restructure<-nmod dobj
page<-compound det det:predet
Taipei<-dep
escalate<-dobj advmod mark
Inc.<-case acl compound
valuation<-case amod
poor<-cop
actor<-case det nmod
resident<-case nmod
service<-compound det amod
retire<-cc aux conj nmod nsubj
retain<-dobj nsubj
follow<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
important<-advmod advcl
property<-case dep det
logic<-case det
lumber<-nmod nsubj
bribe<-dobj mark
past<-cc cop conj advmod nsubj
colony<-case det amod
Night<-case nmod compound
cut<-dep dobj mark
Noriega<-compound amod
Jobson<-case
own<-nsubj dobj
record<-case dep conj cc
use<-cop advmod mark
many<-dep nsubj nmod mark
D<-case compound
network<-case nummod det
machine<-case cc conj amod
response<-case cc neg det nmod conj
receive<-advmod nmod nsubj
say<-cc parataxis ccomp nmod nsubj
computer<-nmod amod
movement.Only<-case acl:relcl det amod
Drexel<-case compound
education<-det
bread<-case acl:relcl det
statement<-cop cc nmod amod conj nmod:poss
deliver<-xcomp cop nsubj advmod mark aux
obvious<-cop ccomp nmod:tmod nsubj
accounting<-nsubj dobj nmod:tmod mark
nameplate<-amod
remic<-amod
pipeline<-case det amod
trader<-nummod appos compound
stake<-case nmod:poss amod
commit<-aux advmod dobj advcl nsubj
bet<-nsubj
fare<-dep
bout<-case nmod
misstate<-dobj nmod nsubj
position<-compound acl:relcl nmod amod
want<-xcomp mark
planter<-nsubj mark
expect<-nmod nsubj
Gatward<-compound
capacity<-case compound amod
market<-case nummod det nmod amod
wait<-cc dobj
stair<-nmod
distract<-aux nmod nsubj
Berry<-amod compound
significance<-det amod
statute<-acl:relcl det amod
band<-case det amod
spell<-compound:prt ccomp nsubj
handful<-case cop advmod det nmod
Perry<-compound
go<-ccomp
payment<-case nmod:poss
Gromov<-case compound
retain<-nmod dobj
he<-dep appos
man<-nummod nmod amod
sign<-nmod nsubj
syndrome<-amod
active<-cop
holder<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
wander<-nmod compound
recession<-case advmod
talk<-compound amod
put<-aux nsubj dobj advcl mark
house<-compound nmod amod
battery<-cop ccomp
ambiguity<-cc conj nmod:poss nmod
no.<-xcomp auxpass nmod
mean<-dep cc conj dobj nsubj
Walker<-appos amod compound
independent<-cc conj
sign<-dep cop advmod det nsubj
rethink<-aux dobj
appear<-advcl mark
KKR<-nmod
work<-cc aux conj neg nsubj
patch<-case advmod det compound
chorus<-det amod
tie-up<-case
react<-case
Ingersoll<-case
Council<-case det nmod
credible<-cop mark
medicine<-compound det amod
wind<-cc cop conj nsubj mark
recognize<-advcl dobj mark
acquire<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
work<-dep aux cop nmod nsubj
allow<-xcomp advcl dobj nsubj
downplay<-cc conj dobj
committee<-nmod
621/8<-dep compound
wage<-case det
exercise<-dobj
Warner-Lambert<-case dep
pass<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
dog<-case det
youth<-case appos
know<-cc conj ccomp
all<-dep cop advmod acl:relcl
fall<-compound nmod amod
seek<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
occasion<-case cc nummod nmod amod conj
thing<-dep appos det nmod
feature<-case dep det nmod amod
physician<-acl:relcl det
cost<-dep advmod nmod nsubj
1.5890<-case dep conj cc
1.6145<-case dep
Ostpolitik<-det amod
foot<-nmod:poss
studio<-case acl:relcl det
note<-case det nmod compound
one<-case det nmod amod
give<-neg iobj dobj
supplier<-cop advmod nmod amod nsubj
bet<-case det nmod
setting<-nmod:poss nmod amod
importer<-cop det nmod amod
insurance<-case cc conj nmod:poss compound
Merck<-appos
burg<-nmod amod
allow<-xcomp advmod nsubj
landslide<-case det nmod
plan<-amod det compound
pursued<-cc conj advmod
run<-case nummod
recent<-advmod
fund<-dobj compound:prt nmod mark
profit<-case cc conj det amod
leave<-aux nmod dobj
planning<-case cc conj compound
see<-dep aux nmod
business<-case amod nmod:poss compound
Gintel<-case compound
time<-case nmod amod
give<-nsubj cc advmod dobj iobj conj
roommate<-advmod
SoftLetter<-case appos
supply<-case advmod amod
portion<-dep det amod
boredom<-nmod:poss
March<-case cc conj
air<-det det:predet
official<-cc conj nmod compound
individual<-case det amod
easy<-xcomp cop mark
self-serving<-advmod
Monets<-case cop amod
state<-case cop advmod det nmod
heat<-auxpass advmod compound:prt
store<-nummod nmod amod
ambivalent<-cop nsubj advcl mark
train<-case det nmod
boom<-cop
expect<-nsubj cc neg ccomp aux conj
purchase<-cop nmod
stem<-xcomp nsubj cc advmod nmod conj
hand<-cc conj nmod
Shamir<-nmod compound
$<-cop dep nummod advmod mark compound appos
overreact<-cop advcl nsubj
Court<-case det nmod
like<-xcomp aux advmod nmod nsubj
problem<-cop amod det mark
phone<-det
rush<-det nmod
reform<-compound
tweaking<-compound amod
approve<-xcomp nsubj
union<-case det amod
devote<-dep auxpass nsubjpass nmod dobj
executive<-acl:relcl compound
recommend<-aux advmod dobj
infamous<-advmod
restructuring<-case cc conj det nmod
Beach<-case det
quarter<-appos det
return<-appos amod
Meredith<-dep
654<-case
happen<-aux auxpass ccomp nsubjpass neg
seek<-advmod nmod nsubj
make<-aux dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
conflict<-cop cc advmod det acl conj amod
reach<-nsubj cc neg nmod aux conj
$<-dep nummod advmod nmod compound
Miranda<-cc conj compound
go<-nsubj nmod ccomp
investigation<-case cc conj acl:relcl det
flee<-cc conj compound amod
break<-cop nmod
memory<-appos compound amod
delay<-amod
fastball<-acl:relcl det
chance<-amod nmod nsubj
swap<-xcomp nmod
ban<-det nmod
attach<-nsubj ccomp advcl
lower<-dobj nsubj
issue<-cop nmod:tmod mark
20,000<-dep
arm<-case nmod
view<-case compound
revolutionize<-advcl dobj
trip<-case nmod:poss
comparison<-det
computer<-compound
trade<-case det nmod amod
quit<-nsubj
pricing<-cc
one-fifth<-dep advmod acl
while<-case dep det amod
pack<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
house<-case dep det compound
stable<-aux cop nmod nsubj
manager<-nmod:poss compound
depressed<-auxpass advmod nmod
card<-nmod nsubj
Bogart<-case nmod compound
109<-case dep acl:relcl nmod
windshield<-det
conduct<-nmod
agreement<-case dep det amod
youth<-acl:relcl
politician<-case acl:relcl compound
wrist<-case det amod
fire<-compound det amod
Academy<-case det nmod compound
accepted<-nsubj dobj
similar<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
result<-dep advcl
eight<-dep nmod
experience<-case
recorder<-compound amod
top<-dobj nmod nsubj
70,000<-dep nmod
require<-aux nsubj ccomp mark
bread<-nmod:poss
month<-case acl
tradedistorting<-dep
outdated<-cc conj
quarter<-case acl:relcl det compound
do<-parataxis advmod nsubj
afterward<-nmod:npmod
inquiry<-amod
become<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
vanilla<-dep
look<-dep nsubj advcl
Group<-nmod:poss
worker<-cc conj det
carry<-nsubj advmod ccomp mark
VAX<-nmod:poss
budget<-dep nummod det
observe<-cc conj
point<-case acl:relcl det
event<-nummod nmod:poss
bad<-xcomp cop nsubj neg advmod aux
re-evaluate<-xcomp nsubj mark
overcharge<-case nmod
abortion<-case compound
rob<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass
grow<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
)<-nsubj advmod nmod ccomp
tough<-nmod nsubj
goal<-cop nsubj dep neg det amod
FADA<-dep
coin<-det
put<-nsubj cc compound:prt aux conj dobj
margin<-case nummod det amod
revisit<-dobj mark
Cathay<-compound
moonlight<-case nmod:poss
receive<-aux nmod ccomp
city<-dep amod
appear<-ccomp nsubj
Peugeot<-case cc conj
spending<-cc conj nmod
find<-aux compound:prt advmod nsubj
candidate<-case det amod
butler<-cop advcl mark
create<-dep nmod nsubj
emcee<-case
contract<-case advmod nmod compound
Norton<-dep appos compound
convertible<-dep
meticulous<-advmod
rock<-cc conj det nmod
communication<-cc conj
inky-brown<-cc conj
midafternoon<-case
much<-dep nmod
undertake<-advcl nsubj dobj mark
offer<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
disgust<-case
image<-cc conj compound det amod
basket<-acl
spokesperson<-det
adamant<-cop nmod nsubj
slap<-cop det nmod amod
propel<-nmod dobj
sentence<-case compound
hire<-nmod
try<-dep xcomp conj cc
pantry<-nmod:poss
exporter<-case det amod
patient<-case det amod
venal<-cop neg
think<-parataxis xcomp nsubj neg advmod nmod
judge<-nsubj dobj mark
further<-xcomp mark
move<-xcomp advmod compound:prt nsubj
show<-nsubj cc neg advmod ccomp aux
manufacture<-cc dep conj dobj
authenticity<-case nmod:poss
proof<-cc acl:relcl compound
pressure<-cop acl compound
League<-det nmod
value<-nmod:poss ccomp
well-known<-advmod
sap<-dobj
use<-dobj advmod nsubj
launch<-cop mark
promise<-case det amod
hover<-det nmod compound
view<-xcomp cc conj ccomp nsubj
scoop<-advcl compound:prt dobj nsubj
promote<-dobj advmod mark
listing<-cop neg advmod det nmod amod
know<-advcl nsubj advmod mark
tenure<-case det nmod
numb<-cop advmod
force<-acl det amod
sensitivity<-det amod
yield<-nmod:poss nmod
seek<-cc conj dobj
grow<-xcomp nsubj
agreement<-acl:relcl compound
relinquish<-ccomp
rise<-case det amod
executive<-case nmod:poss amod
behave<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
reinstate<-dobj mark
Gogh<-cop compound det nsubj
go<-mark ccomp nmod dobj
issue<-compound ccomp nmod amod
attack<-cop nsubj neg advmod det nmod
insurance<-acl:relcl compound
control<-cc dep conj nmod
enable<-cc xcomp advmod dobj nsubj
foot<-case nummod nmod compound
shop<-compound amod
displace<-auxpass nmod
outlook<-dep nmod:poss
Knopf<-appos compound
arena<-case det amod
linger<-det compound
inch<-auxpass nsubjpass compound:prt
oppose<-dep advmod ccomp
punish<-nmod dobj
concern<-case nummod compound amod
export<-compound amod
Frankfurt<-dep
tide<-acl:relcl amod
plan<-case dep det acl
Mills<-case appos compound
speak<-aux compound:prt nmod neg
sing<-advmod nmod nsubj
cross<-ccomp nsubj
advocate<-nmod
Krisher<-compound
begin<-advcl dobj mark
discount<-acl
be<-dep cc conj advmod dobj
carry<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
news<-det nmod amod
damages<-case amod
aspire<-advmod nmod nsubj
elect<-advmod dobj mark
force<-cc conj dobj nmod mark
sense<-neg acl:relcl nmod
negotiation<-case dep
boiler<-dep acl
point<-cc conj compound amod
Callas<-compound
detour<-cc conj det
Agnew<-compound
attendant<-case compound
interest<-case nmod:poss nmod compound
Sept.<-case dep nummod
learn<-xcomp
roadway<-det
victory<-nummod det compound
producer<-det acl
desist<-mark
contorted<-dep cc conj advmod
ratio<-advmod det nmod
just<-cc
lie<-dobj nsubj
Sears<-amod
complexity<-det
dress<-parataxis nsubj ccomp advmod mark
ask<-nsubj ccomp mark
fare<-cc parataxis ccomp nsubj
favorite<-det nmod amod
warning<-neg
dealer<-case cc conj det
permit<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
880<-case cc conj compound
count<-det nmod amod
while<-compound det amod
jester<-det compound
strike<-ccomp nsubj
decision<-dep
Vogelstein<-advmod compound
tumble<-aux advmod nsubj
requirement<-det
theory<-nmod
sense<-dep
increase<-cc advmod dobj
teen-ager<-case det nmod amod
pursue<-cc aux conj nmod dobj
estimate<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
attractive<-cop nmod
argument<-dep det compound
Purnick<-case compound
occupation<-dep advmod det amod
defeat<-cop nsubj mark
sale<-dep nmod mark
involve<-auxpass advmod nmod
go<-dep compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
mismatch<-det
retire<-aux nsubj
110<-case
representative<-case acl:relcl det
charge<-aux ccomp nsubj
product<-acl:relcl
ethic<-nmod:npmod
version<-cop det amod
Boston<-case acl:relcl compound
two<-acl:relcl
freeze<-aux nmod nsubj
300,000<-case
increase<-dep advmod nsubj
go<-nsubj cc neg advmod nmod advcl aux
execute<-nmod
key<-dep nmod
English<-amod
division<-dep det
latitude<-case nmod amod
studio<-compound det amod
aim<-xcomp cc conj nsubj mark
Shaffer<-dep compound
program<-acl:relcl det compound
complain<-nmod:tmod advcl
program<-cc nummod compound conj amod
best-run<-case det nmod
embrace<-auxpass advmod nmod
drain<-dobj mark
stand<-case det amod
reform<-dobj advmod mark
handcuffs<-case det nmod
report<-case compound det nmod amod
Mossoviet<-cc aux conj cop nsubj
be<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
crisis<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
stage<-case acl:relcl det
recapitalization<-acl:relcl det
profit<-dep nmod amod
volunteer<-advcl dobj
Tribe<-nmod:poss compound
Hotline<-det compound
region<-case det nmod amod
be<-ccomp acl nsubj
base<-dep nmod dobj
flatten<-nmod nsubj
confident<-cop nsubj ccomp mark
ban<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
mark<-compound amod
)<-case nummod compound nmod amod
Steel<-case nmod compound
erase<-nsubj nmod:tmod advmod mark
period<-case acl:relcl det
bolt<-aux advmod compound:prt nmod nsubj
discounting<-det
President<-case det nmod
relief<-case compound amod
stockbuild<-nmod
Tower<-nmod:poss compound
excavate<-cop nmod
survive<-aux nmod neg nsubj
insurance<-dep compound
draw<-advcl nsubj
realize<-dobj nmod mark
confront<-advmod nmod
satisfy<-dep dobj
deride<-cop nmod nsubj
offer<-dep cop advmod nmod nsubj
Britain<-nmod
complete<-advmod dobj nsubj
drive<-case
shut<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
survivor<-dep compound amod
date<-compound acl:relcl amod
attarck<-compound
trust<-compound det amod
accelerate<-case dobj
gloat<-aux nsubj nmod mark
45,000<-case dep
person<-nummod
slide<-case det nmod amod
flee<-cc conj
overthrow<-aux nsubj dobj advmod mark
comply<-nmod
ease<-cc conj dobj
lose<-advcl dobj nsubj
waste-to-energy<-case cc conj amod
Cowboys<-det amod
sustain<-nmod
sale<-case dep conj cc
difficulty<-nmod
apparent<-advmod
Stanley<-dep compound
strike<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
York<-dep cc conj
privilege<-det acl
shame<-case
security<-case det nmod
shortage<-case det nmod amod
AT&T<-case det
tour<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
fix<-cc conj dobj mark
invest<-advmod dobj
charisma<-cc conj nmod
life<-acl:relcl det nmod
declare<-advmod dobj nsubj
task<-dep amod
trading<-case compound acl:relcl nmod amod
deny<-iobj dobj
athletics<-case amod
vineyard<-acl:relcl det compound
tight-lipped<-dep cop nmod
exchange<-acl:relcl det
soar<-case advmod dobj
believe<-nsubj nmod advcl
like<-xcomp nsubj advmod nmod dobj aux
retire<-dobj
million<-case det nmod
let<-dep aux neg nmod nsubj
venture<-case nmod:poss
expedient<-case det amod
consultant<-case nummod
employer<-nummod
OPEC<-case acl:relcl
Married<-case nmod
chain<-case nummod
deny<-auxpass advmod nmod
protect<-nsubj dobj mark
revenue<-acl:relcl compound
reinvent<-dobj nmod mark
ribbon<-case det
buy<-nsubj nmod compound:prt mark aux dobj
water<-case advmod det
California<-case appos compound
sue<-advmod nmod nsubj
follow<-aux nsubj
Hugo<-case compound amod
school<-nummod nmod
soak<-dobj
flurry<-det nmod amod
firework<-case
make<-cc nsubj dobj conj mark
OTC<-case det
comptroller<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss
means<-case nummod nmod
bourbon<-det
find<-nsubj ccomp mark
bridge<-det
risk-free<-cop nmod
please<-xcomp
month<-case cop nsubj parataxis det nmod:tmod amod
information<-case acl:relcl amod
Mencken<-cc cop conj compound nsubj
spurt<-case det nmod
day<-cc dep advmod amod
work<-det amod
unusable<-cop nsubj
worker<-case compound nmod amod
qualify<-advmod
resolve<-auxpass advmod nmod
crop<-case nmod amod
being<-case acl amod
dollar<-case nmod:poss
executive<-dep cc conj
rival<-nmod
steer.and<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
bank<-case nmod:poss det amod
taping<-amod
bond<-amod mark
aircraft<-case compound
extend<-nsubj nmod:tmod nmod dobj mark aux compound:prt
tourist<-case amod
overcome<-dobj nmod mark
have<-xcomp nsubj cc advmod mark aux conj
support<-nsubj ccomp mark
look<-mark
Interpublic<-case appos
obligation<-case advmod det amod
thrust<-nsubj
condone<-aux dobj neg nsubj
clear<-cop nsubj cc nmod advcl aux
believe<-xcomp advmod
permit<-xcomp nsubj neg nmod dobj aux
jump<-xcomp dobj nmod nsubj
open<-aux advmod nmod cop
decline<-xcomp aux nsubj
release<-case advmod det nmod
revolution<-case det nmod
heighten<-advmod nmod dobj
concentrate<-aux ccomp compound:prt
favor<-nsubj dobj mark
poison<-case det acl
bike<-case compound
venture<-cop nsubj det acl aux amod
pay<-compound:prt mark
purchasing<-det
Redmond<-compound
income<-compound nmod:poss amod
nude<-nmod
talk<-dep advmod dobj
request<-case nmod:poss
Campeau<-case nmod
travel<-advmod nmod mark
resign<-nsubj nmod mark
trigger<-aux nsubj dobj mark
tree<-case compound det amod
quarter<-case det compound
forbid<-dobj nsubj
negotiate<-auxpass nmod:tmod nmod
confusion<-det
character<-case det nmod
harmless<-advmod
illustration<-det compound
room<-compound det amod
hold<-cc xcomp dep dobj
present<-dep
workweek<-case appos det amod
take<-nsubj dobj advmod advcl
discussion<-dep advmod det
lack<-xcomp nsubj dobj advcl
stationery<-nmod
prepare<-xcomp cop nsubj advmod mark
classroom<-case det amod
Coast<-cc conj compound
assurance<-neg acl:relcl
reinforce<-ccomp advmod dobj nsubj
enter<-cc conj advmod
agree<-nsubj nmod:tmod nmod mark
evolve<-advmod
test<-nmod amod
dedication<-det compound
Squibb<-compound
light<-case det nmod amod
expert<-case acl:relcl compound
appear<-xcomp expl advcl
generate<-advcl ccomp
concern<-compound amod
confide<-ccomp nsubj
keep<-xcomp aux
female<-appos det nmod
advocate<-dobj nmod nsubj
demonstrate<-advmod ccomp mark
{<-nsubj ccomp mark
c<-case amod
afford<-aux dobj neg nsubj
combination<-case cc conj det nmod
buy<-dep nsubj mark
realize<-xcomp aux nsubj neg mark
opt<-nsubj nmod mark
Group<-det nmod compound
sell<-cc aux conj nmod
finish<-dobj nmod mark
scoff<-nmod nsubj
union<-case compound det nmod amod
report<-cc dobj nsubj
reason<-neg nmod
go<-dobj mark
sale<-case nummod appos
production<-compound amod
425,000<-dep
have<-xcomp aux conj cc nsubj
change<-cop cc det nmod amod dep conj
pick<-advmod nsubj
position<-case nmod:poss
Hoechst<-appos
bring<-dep aux nmod
stunned<-dobj nsubj
material<-case cc conj amod
idle<-cop advmod
process<-compound
member<-case
8.20<-case dep
oversubscribed<-cc auxpass nsubjpass conj
pick<-advmod nmod advcl
Politburo<-det amod
title<-compound det amod
language<-compound
institution<-case compound det amod
phase<-auxpass advmod nmod
following<-det nmod amod
pound<-case acl:relcl det amod
suffer<-advmod compound:prt nmod dobj nsubj
fund<-mark
limit<-cop nsubj dep nmod dobj aux
requisition<-dobj iobj nsubj
90<-case
point<-case cop det compound
selling<-case dep nmod amod
disk<-case compound det amod
twist<-case cc conj
entitle<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
junk<-case amod
relaxation<-advmod det nmod
Books<-appos nmod compound
Inns<-nmod compound
dividend<-acl:relcl nmod:poss amod
neighbor<-appos nmod:poss amod
be<-nsubj cc dobj aux conj ccomp
Panetta<-acl:relcl compound
rally<-nsubj
chairman<-cc conj advmod
stationery<-appos amod
confident<-nmod:npmod cop nsubj
break<-nsubj neg advmod nmod dobj advcl aux
South<-case cc conj det compound
parent<-nmod:poss nmod compound
seek<-ccomp nmod nsubj
measure<-compound amod
believe<-dobj advmod mark
Japan<-case acl:relcl amod
bond<-acl:relcl nmod:poss amod
run<-dobj nmod mark
agree<-cc parataxis ccomp nsubj
injunction<-det amod
execute<-aux nsubj dobj advmod mark
and<-dep nmod dobj
intense<-cop advmod ccomp nsubj
trickle<-compound:prt nmod mark
30<-advmod nmod
disclosure<-det nmod
feeling<-cop advmod det nmod amod
pond<-nmod
high<-case det nmod acl
viewpoint<-case det amod
customer<-case nmod:poss amod
Society<-det nmod compound
recession<-det acl
bargain<-case compound amod
breeze<-case det
acceptance<-nmod amod
out<-dep nmod
treasury<-amod
rights<-compound nmod amod
conversation<-det nmod
have<-xcomp nsubj cc advmod advcl aux
touch<-det nmod compound
ruthless<-advmod
scenery<-case
essay<-nsubj ccomp mark
formalize<-dobj nsubj
want<-xcomp cc conj dobj nsubj
vehicle<-nummod advmod
appear<-xcomp aux advmod neg nsubj
raise<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
income<-case amod compound
take<-aux dobj neg
Graedel<-compound
pend<-dobj nmod nsubj
fk-506<-compound
expansion<-nmod:poss nmod amod
investor<-appos
charge<-dep compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
wire<-nummod compound
extent<-det
force<-case
momentum<-case compound
household<-det nmod
better<-xcomp cop nsubj
have<-dep advmod dobj nmod ccomp
panel<-nmod
wonder<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
question<-case cc conj
quote<-cop nsubj nmod mark
process<-det nmod
skill<-nmod nsubj
equipment<-acl amod
Dozen<-amod compound
Ministry<-cop nsubj appos det nmod acl:relcl compound
English<-compound
convertible<-cc cop conj nmod
ventilation<-det
even<-nmod:npmod nmod
bitterly<-cc conj advmod
757-200<-case det
foresee<-dobj nmod nsubj
naysayer<-case det
Walters<-appos compound
here<-cc
Storer<-case
reputation<-case nmod:poss
locale<-amod
show<-case compound nmod amod
craft<-advmod dobj
analysis<-case amod
rain<-case
revenue<-nummod nmod:poss
incentive<-appos compound
champ<-appos nmod:poss
demon<-case dep det
network<-cc advmod det acl:relcl compound
microprocessor<-case
Microsystems<-compound
revise<-nmod dobj
give<-aux dobj nmod neg nsubj
serious<-cop nmod mark
Gross<-appos compound
feel<-aux ccomp nmod nsubj
do<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
work<-cop nsubj cc det amod conj mark
Loeb<-appos compound
fraud<-case cc conj compound
involve<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass
contribution<-dep det
LaMore<-appos compound
million<-dep cop compound advmod nsubj
pitch<-case cc conj nmod
drag<-cc conj dobj
S.A.<-case appos compound amod
deny<-dobj
bureaucracy<-case
quarter<-case dep det nmod amod
conference<-acl det compound
comment<-dep det
call<-parataxis compound:prt nmod nsubj
encourage<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass
mentality<-det compound
purpose<-cc conj nmod:poss amod
receive<-aux nsubj dobj nmod advcl
flavor<-case amod
steep<-dep cop nsubj advmod mark
Secretary<-compound
allege<-ccomp nmod nsubj
taxation<-amod
hugging<-cc conj det
dominance<-cop det nmod
cpa<-det
distinctive<-cop advmod advcl mark
spouse<-case det amod
Congress<-case compound det amod
Mahler<-case
3.55<-dep
slip<-dobj compound:prt
account<-dobj nmod nsubj
army<-cop nsubj cc neg det amod conj
89108<-compound
capitalization<-case nmod:poss
steeper<-advmod
all<-ccomp nsubj
share<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
Avenue<-case cc conj compound
commit<-auxpass
allocation<-case nmod compound
silent<-cop advmod
expose<-nmod
journalist<-det amod
easy<-xcomp aux cop nsubj
financing<-case det nmod
biker<-amod
%<-parataxis cop nsubj dep nummod aux
echo<-dobj mark
suspend<-aux nmod
surplus<-case cc conj det amod
manager<-cop nsubj appos amod acl:relcl compound
)<-dobj
creditor<-dep nummod det amod
better<-cc cop advmod nmod
guarantee<-case
parking<-xcomp mark
note<-advcl aux nsubj neg mark
title<-advmod det
}<-dep advmod compound:prt
metallurgy<-amod
televising<-case det nmod amod
feel<-ccomp nmod nsubj
catalyst<-case det amod
leadership<-nmod:poss
tie<-advmod nmod
model<-dobj nmod nsubj
Alton<-nmod compound
AIW<-case appos
unit<-case nummod det
fantasy<-case compound
group<-case dep det nmod
basis<-case cc conj det amod
privilege<-amod
ire<-det nmod nsubj
have<-xcomp nsubj ccomp advcl aux mark
roadway<-case det
run<-xcomp advmod nmod
181/4<-dep compound
offer<-cc advmod ccomp nsubj
system<-case compound nmod:poss amod
employ<-advcl dobj mark
franc<-cc conj
leaker<-det
sell<-cc conj dobj ccomp nsubj
feel<-aux dobj nsubj
pianist<-case det compound
181/2<-case
move<-appos det
proceed<-xcomp
store<-case det
grow<-dobj compound:prt mark
Bouillaire<-amod compound
dub<-xcomp dobj
disturbance<-det
do<-aux nsubj nmod neg mark
call<-mark
money<-nmod:poss nmod
Juilliard<-case
object<-advmod nmod mark
preference<-nmod
light<-det
ADRs<-nummod nmod:poss compound
Cover-Up<-det compound
Becton<-cc conj nmod
scoop<-cc conj nmod
bond<-case cc det amod compound conj
raise<-aux dobj
deploy<-cop advmod nsubj
Eminase<-appos
complete<-aux cop advmod nmod:tmod nsubj
come<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass nmod
time<-case cc conj amod
anyone<-case neg advmod
decrease<-dep det nmod
unfortunate<-cc cop conj ccomp nsubj
Arabia<-appos compound
demand<-aux advmod nmod advcl
consolidation<-case nmod amod
say<-advmod mark
liberalize<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
set<-compound:prt mark
dress<-compound
understand<-advmod ccomp nsubj
class<-nummod acl:relcl
sensitive<-nmod:npmod dep
leg<-case nmod:poss
upgrade<-advcl dobj
decline<-case dep det nmod
continue<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj
cut<-advcl compound:prt dobj mark
patient<-case compound det amod
skill<-cc conj det
forefront<-case cop det acl
write-down<-det nmod amod
leave<-advcl dobj nsubj
conclude<-cc acl:relcl
scene<-case
ease<-aux nsubj mark
blot<-dep compound:prt dobj nsubj
assurance<-aux cop ccomp neg expl
year<-compound
union<-nmod:poss compound
drop<-advmod nmod dobj
dictum<-det amod
strategy<-case acl:relcl det
deploy<-case nmod compound
discuss<-nmod nsubj
Coast<-appos det compound
liquidate<-dobj mark
Computers<-case compound
board<-det nmod
exist<-cc conj nmod mark
show<-cc dep advmod ccomp nsubj
summer<-case appos det
code<-case compound
land<-cc nmod
5<-dep cc conj nmod
display<-case nmod
Chiat/Day/Mojo<-cc conj
resolve<-aux nsubj dobj advmod mark
few<-dep
shutdown<-compound det amod
Coors<-nmod
fall<-nsubj cc nmod dobj advcl conj
card<-dobj nsubj
push<-advmod mark
Northeast<-case cc conj det
strike<-aux advmod nsubj
hub-and-spoke<-cc conj
rye<-cc conj
one<-case dep advmod nmod compound
ever<-case appos
share<-dobj nmod mark
grandly<-dep compound
advertiser<-cc conj
work<-case xcomp nsubj cc advmod conj
bank<-case appos det compound
Marin<-case
include<-xcomp nmod nsubj
spark<-aux dobj nsubj
need<-dep xcomp nsubj
jet<-det nmod
plant<-cc conj nmod
work<-aux advmod dobj nmod compound:prt
HealthVest<-case acl:relcl
involve<-nsubj cc neg dobj aux conj
struggle<-cop advmod advcl nsubj
cash<-case dep nmod
Kochan<-compound
oasis<-det nmod amod
month<-cc conj amod
surprising<-nsubj cc neg advmod dep aux
look<-aux nsubj advmod mark
cutback<-case compound
toil<-advmod nsubj
hard<-xcomp cop nsubj mark
respectable<-cop advmod
community<-case cc conj amod
S.p.A<-nmod:poss compound
largely<-nmod:npmod nmod
assignment<-cop cc amod advcl conj nmod:poss
behavior<-nmod amod
Pyszkiewicz<-dep compound
spring<-cop advmod
elect<-xcomp nmod nsubj
government<-dep compound
assume<-nsubj neg nmod ccomp aux dobj
learn<-auxpass nsubjpass
lie<-det amod
abound<-advmod nsubj
U.S.<-compound
Hutchinson<-compound
find<-aux dobj
imply<-dobj nmod nsubj
make<-xcomp cc conj nsubj advcl
meal<-advcl nsubj
El<-dep compound
place<-nmod:poss
surprise<-cop nmod
surprising<-cop advmod ccomp neg nsubj
those<-case cop ccomp nsubj
enjoy<-nsubj ccomp mark
keep<-xcomp advmod mark
Productions<-compound
annals<-case det nmod
plaster<-det
gain<-aux nsubj ccomp nmod mark
index<-case cc conj det nmod
time<-cop nummod advmod nsubj
become<-dep xcomp auxpass nsubjpass
complaint<-nummod advmod nmod amod
World<-cop nsubj dep neg advmod det amod compound aux
contend<-cc ccomp nmod nsubj
stick<-cc aux conj nsubj mark
warrant<-case det nmod compound
crack<-case
Demler<-case dep acl:relcl nmod:poss compound
psyllium<-case cc conj
people<-dep nmod
soak<-compound:prt mark
president<-cc conj advmod appos
mind<-dep nmod:poss
compatible<-nmod
bow<-compound:prt mark
guy<-cop det amod
joke<-case det nmod amod
quarter<-advmod det
somebody<-cc acl:relcl
regulation<-cc conj
net<-case dep det
magazine<-case dep nmod:poss
german<-cc acl:relcl
buffet<-advmod nmod
decline<-appos nmod:poss
more<-cc cop conj advmod nmod
300,000<-dep
450,000<-dep nmod
Spa<-compound
2.9511<-case
unhappy<-advmod
bewitch<-case det
change<-dep neg advmod
end<-case cc nummod cc:preconj det nmod compound conj
brilliant<-det
service<-compound nsubj
lagoon<-det amod
eurodollar<-det amod
address<-xcomp dobj nmod mark
inventory<-case compound
Nutritional<-advmod compound
ton<-advmod det amod
lull<-det nmod
produce<-advmod nmod
stock-registration<-cc conj
trader<-det compound
attach<-cop ccomp nmod neg
Elizabeth<-case
Garber<-case compound
provocation<-case dep advmod
over<-cop nsubj ccomp advmod mark
watch<-xcomp aux nsubj
conversation<-cop nsubj neg det amod acl:relcl
discontinue<-ccomp
arrive<-advcl nsubj
Davis<-acl:relcl compound
breach<-aux advmod det advcl amod
Cremonie<-case compound
casualty<-cop nsubj advmod det nmod amod
result<-dep nmod
take<-aux nsubj dobj nmod advcl
promise<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass mark
view<-case det nmod amod
look<-xcomp advcl nsubj
reduction<-det amod
make<-dep mark dobj nmod nsubj
list<-case cop nsubj det mark aux amod
widen<-cc conj nsubj nmod mark
set<-advcl compound:prt dobj nsubj
model<-nummod det amod
Sutton<-appos amod compound
fly<-nsubj nmod:tmod nmod compound:prt advcl aux
contraction<-dep det
ownership<-cop compound nmod:poss nsubj
do<-aux neg
search<-cop nsubj acl nmod mark
relation<-compound
lawyer<-nummod
clash<-advmod mark
slowball<-det
have<-dep auxpass dobj nsubjpass mark
rush<-xcomp cop advmod
much<-advmod mark
2.06<-dep
15,000<-case dep advmod amod
dial<-dep dobj mark
estimate<-dobj nmod mark
unchanged<-cop advcl
dividend<-case det amod
go<-xcomp dep nsubj
trade<-compound nsubj
study<-det nmod amod
accusation<-det
dump<-case acl:relcl compound
action<-case compound
soonest<-case compound
tumble<-cc conj det amod
way<-det det:predet
department<-case dep det compound
settlement<-neg
center<-acl:relcl det
Jones<-nmod compound
business<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss compound
well-known<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
Portfolio<-nmod compound
shortage<-compound det amod
defens<-det
operating<-nmod dobj
link<-dobj nmod mark
award<-case det amod
legislation<-case det compound
anger<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
study<-cc conj dobj nsubj
think<-discourse advmod
Peasants<-case det
move<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
owe<-ccomp nsubj
report<-xcomp nmod:tmod nsubj
hire<-dobj nsubj
lack<-case nmod:poss
portend<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
urge<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass
experimentation<-amod
concern<-cop nmod
%<-case dep advmod nmod compound
Pennzoil<-dep
issue<-nummod amod
hold<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
security<-nmod:poss
Volvo<-det amod
drug<-det nmod
generation<-cop det amod
speed<-dep nmod
5,000<-case dep
that<-case det:predet
perform<-aux advmod nmod:tmod nsubj
model<-case nmod amod
gain<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
ailment<-case cc conj det compound
name-dropping<-cop advcl mark
do<-aux advcl nsubj
report<-dep compound nmod:poss amod
more<-cop nmod amod
liaison<-nmod amod
court<-case compound det amod
aid<-case nmod
claimant<-nummod nmod
goods<-det amod
group<-nummod amod
Microsystems<-acl:relcl compound
switch<-ccomp nmod nsubj
park<-case nmod compound
accurate<-xcomp cop
stay<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
protagonist<-case det nmod
buy<-advcl nsubj mark
probe<-dep aux dobj
Pont<-nmod compound
liberalize<-cc conj dobj mark
store<-nsubj dobj advmod ccomp
declasse<-cop
scrubber<-case
increasingly<-xcomp cop nmod nsubj
painting<-nsubj
Gauloises<-advmod
warrant<-case det
go<-xcomp aux advmod nmod
come<-auxpass nmod
dependent<-advmod nmod
live<-nsubj neg nmod compound:prt aux mark
lecturer<-cc conj nmod compound
benefit<-ccomp nmod mark
policy<-case cc conj det amod
assemble<-dobj nmod nsubj
dna<-dep acl:relcl amod
let<-advmod dobj
strong<-cop advmod nsubj
report<-nmod amod
pop<-det
center<-det nmod
sink<-parataxis nmod
trading<-case det nmod compound
9.375<-case dep
AGIP<-case
invest<-xcomp aux dobj nsubj
23<-nmod
impose<-advcl dobj
improve<-case compound
pothole<-cc conj compound
consider<-dep nmod:tmod mark
assailant<-amod
curb<-advcl dobj mark
Saturday<-case compound
businessman<-case acl compound
disease<-nummod
assure<-aux dobj nsubj
jolt<-dobj nsubj
export<-dep nmod
mark<-nsubj dobj mark
jury<-det nmod
Smith<-nmod compound
fund<-acl:relcl det amod
wish<-aux ccomp nsubj
argument<-case det nmod
buy<-xcomp advmod compound:prt nsubj
leader<-det nmod compound
check<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
lose<-dobj ccomp nmod nsubj
rebate<-nmod amod
clear<-cop nsubj advmod ccomp mark
work<-aux nsubj nmod neg advcl
loyalty<-nmod:poss nmod
hostile<-cop nmod
announce<-advcl dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
Izvestia<-det compound
dramatization<-case nummod nmod amod
change<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
Lillo<-appos compound
nurse<-dep det compound
give<-aux nmod nsubj
Koskotas<-dep compound
time<-cop acl:relcl det
condition<-nummod nmod:poss
bidder<-det nmod amod
ward<-compound:prt dobj nmod mark
debris<-dep compound
pass<-det nmod
estimate<-dep det amod
potato<-case
nail<-case
uncertainty<-case det nmod
concern<-case dep det compound
expectation<-case cop advmod advcl compound
give<-ccomp nsubj
%<-aux cop nsubj nummod mark
sister-in-law<-ccomp nsubj
lady<-nummod nmod
insure<-dobj nmod nsubj
mechanism<-dep nummod advmod amod
insurer<-cc conj
tire<-case nmod amod
hour<-acl:relcl amod
Securities<-case cc appos advmod compound conj
Britain<-det compound
bid<-case acl det nmod amod
notwithstanding<-ccomp nsubj
figure<-case amod
position<-xcomp nmod nsubj
broadcast<-case
subsidize<-cc conj dobj mark
eligible<-cop nmod mark
staff<-case det nmod amod
chafe<-nmod
stature<-nmod nsubj
slice<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
set<-case nmod
company<-det nmod amod
line<-case det nmod compound
lifetime<-det amod
coup<-case acl:relcl det amod
researcher<-acl:relcl det
plunge<-aux nsubj dobj advcl
player<-compound advmod det amod
as<-cop nmod:tmod nsubj
install<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass
flash<-advmod
municipal<-case amod
one<-cop nsubj neg det nmod dobj aux amod
allow<-xcomp nsubj advmod nmod dobj aux
fudging<-case cc conj compound
group<-nmod:poss
road<-case compound
mess<-case dep det compound
strategy<-det acl
youth<-case appos nmod:poss
poll<-case dep nummod det nmod compound
prescription<-case nummod det
prosecution<-nmod
move<-case amod compound
consist<-nmod amod
remain<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
offering<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
ministry<-det compound
sport<-case det
Franklin-Trout<-dep nmod compound
discovery<-det nmod
seconds<-amod
popular<-advmod nmod ccomp
let<-advcl ccomp nsubj
argument<-det compound
Palmer<-compound
96.808<-case
anyone<-acl:relcl
add<-advmod compound:prt nmod nsubj
agree<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
Inc.<-nmod:poss compound
reunification<-case acl:relcl compound
sandinista<-case det
debate<-det
squeeze<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
actively<-advmod
videotape<-det nmod compound
scurry<-nmod mark
hedge<-advmod mark
would<-neg nsubj
snail<-case appos det
divert<-aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod ccomp
subcompact<-compound nmod:poss amod
product<-appos acl:relcl nmod:poss amod
ease<-case advmod nmod
University<-dep det
open<-compound det amod
dropout<-nummod
look<-cc cop conj acl:relcl nmod
estate<-acl:relcl det amod
muse<-acl:relcl det amod
read<-dobj nmod nsubj
bureaucracy<-case amod
positioning<-case amod
announcement<-case nmod:poss nmod acl
Young<-case cc conj appos
Krenz<-cc conj compound
bacterium<-det
forecasting<-dep
union<-cc conj det nmod
detergent<-compound
pressure<-case cop nsubj xcomp nmod mark
flat<-cop ccomp
reinvigorate<-aux dobj nsubj
switch<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
call<-dep nmod dobj
Gramm-Rudman<-case
prepare<-dep cop advmod nmod
take<-advcl nsubj dobj mark
rating<-amod advmod nmod compound
speed<-xcomp
expectation<-nmod
takeover<-cc cop conj amod
Turks<-case det amod
license<-nmod:poss acl
Stoddard<-appos compound
freedom<-det amod
pound<-cc conj amod
concentrate<-aux nmod nsubj
help<-cop
genial<-dep advmod
package<-case nmod amod
dinner<-case cc conj nmod
resident<-nummod nmod compound
company<-acl:relcl det amod
Rey<-case compound
adjuster<-case acl:relcl det amod
something<-acl:relcl nmod
finish<-dobj nmod nsubj
Acuvue<-advmod
house<-det ccomp
love<-cop det nmod nsubj
rack<-auxpass nmod mark
Circus<-nmod compound
Corp.<-case dep compound
Union<-det nmod compound
Agency<-det nmod compound
bid<-advmod nmod mark
Coopers<-cc conj
story<-det amod
massage<-dep advmod
power<-dep det nmod
similar<-dep advmod
approve<-advcl
Vesoft<-case
asset<-nmod:poss nmod nsubj
opportunity<-nmod
realize<-advcl nsubj mark
make<-xcomp aux nsubj nmod mark
TV<-acl:relcl compound
symbolize<-cop nmod
revenue<-nmod compound
look<-aux nsubj nmod advmod mark
performance<-amod det det:predet
conclude<-aux ccomp
give<-aux dobj iobj nmod nsubj
have<-cc nsubj
rustler<-det
dance<-det
Yorkers<-cc conj
side<-cc dep nummod advmod conj
charge<-case cop nsubj advmod nmod advcl
Boren<-cc conj compound
foot<-nummod det amod
Atlantic<-case det nmod compound
753/4<-dep compound
boost<-amod
derail<-dobj mark
clash<-compound nmod amod
flow<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss compound
rivalry<-nmod amod
deal<-acl:relcl det nmod
export<-nmod:tmod nmod advcl
viewer<-acl amod
deform<-cc cop conj advmod nsubj
trading<-nmod ccomp
undermine<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
imbalance<-compound advmod amod
cool<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
lecture<-ccomp mark
Congress<-case det compound
fiction<-case
division<-compound det nmod amod
it<-case cc conj
boss<-nummod acl compound
servile<-cop nmod
today<-cc dep
restart<-dobj mark
change<-acl:relcl compound
occur<-aux nsubj dobj
wealth<-nmod amod
happen<-parataxis aux nsubj neg mark
awake<-advcl dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
gesture<-case det nmod compound
specify<-cc conj dobj
caution<-case
portfolio<-case det compound
show<-nsubj ccomp mark
Drivon<-case compound
rare<-cop advmod nsubj
projection<-nummod det
support<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
graduation<-nsubj nmod mark
etiquette<-dep det
feud<-auxpass nmod
fund.unwilling<-xcomp
baby<-dep nmod
Bums<-case dep compound
restart<-aux advmod ccomp nsubj
security<-cc conj det amod
Texans<-cop det nsubj
be<-aux dobj ccomp nsubj
manufacturer<-nummod compound det nmod amod
activity<-dep compound det amod
debasement<-nmod:poss nmod amod
economy<-case nmod:poss
talk<-advmod acl compound
festivity<-case
take<-ccomp nsubj dobj advcl
Beebe<-nmod compound
play<-case det nmod compound
one-third<-case
debt<-nummod compound
jump<-case nmod:poss compound
entrench<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
Dow<-det nmod
rumor<-amod
link<-dobj nmod nsubj
defend<-ccomp nsubj
low<-cc cop conj nmod nsubj
sick<-cop nsubj mark
future<-nummod acl:relcl compound
hold<-dep advmod
associate<-case compound nmod amod
playland<-acl:relcl det
stringent<-advmod
fragile<-cc conj
tax<-amod
go<-dep dobj mark
design<-xcomp
burial<-cc conj
package<-case det compound
construction<-case dep det amod
jump<-xcomp dobj nsubj
cent<-case cop nummod advmod nsubj
discount<-advmod dobj nsubj
reticent<-xcomp aux cop nsubj
group<-case compound nmod:poss amod
exchange<-cc acl:relcl det amod
victory<-case amod compound
affect<-aux cop nmod advmod nsubj
MGM<-case nmod
director<-cop det nmod
fruitless<-cop nsubj
cost<-case cc det nmod amod conj
lawmaker<-case compound
replace<-advmod dobj nmod mark
partner<-case nmod:poss compound
pro-life<-advmod
recall<-cc conj dobj
introduce<-dobj mark
{<-nmod
year<-case nummod nmod:poss
woman<-cc conj nmod
sell<-xcomp advcl mark
policy<-acl:relcl det nmod
damage<-advmod nmod nsubj
combine<-xcomp aux nsubj
unease<-dep det
carpet<-case det
occupy<-dobj nsubj
bridge<-det compound
track<-nsubj
tear<-cc dep conj nmod
problem<-dep amod
production<-det amod
like<-dep dobj advmod nsubj
suit<-acl:relcl compound
equity<-cop nsubj advmod nmod mark compound
trait<-amod acl:relcl compound
Caygill<-compound
attend<-nmod dobj
Japanese<-cc acl:relcl det
allow<-nmod dobj
distribution<-case compound
deal<-compound det nmod amod
discount<-auxpass advmod nmod
dismiss<-nsubj cc neg dobj aux conj
report<-cop dep nummod advmod dobj acl:relcl
Barclay<-case
repository<-cop nsubj nmod amod mark
subsidy<-cc conj amod
realize<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
fear<-nmod mark
war<-compound det amod
reappraise<-nsubj dobj mark
people.thirty-four<-nummod nmod
dry<-aux nsubj compound:prt advcl mark
camera<-case nmod
bank<-cc det ccomp
one-third<-case advmod nmod
steal<-case advmod det det:predet
Garn<-case
uncertain<-cop advcl
account<-advmod nmod
shrift<-dep amod
abandon<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
capital<-nmod:poss
score<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
lug<-nmod:poss compound
soybean<-case
base<-dep det nmod compound
have<-xcomp aux nmod:tmod nsubj
assist<-aux nmod mark
mean<-cc dobj nsubj
Version<-case nummod compound det amod
track<-case cc conj det compound
processing<-case
advertiser<-advmod
deter<-dobj mark
Weir<-det compound
graduate<-advmod nmod nsubj
while<-case det nmod
discharge<-case
terminate<-dobj nmod nsubj
much<-cop neg
localized<-advmod
shape<-case cop advmod amod nsubj
publish<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
passenger<-case nummod nmod
unravel<-nmod:tmod advcl
Senate<-dep det
undervalue<-dep cop nmod nsubj
Ogilvy<-cc cop conj nmod:poss
dream<-dep det
yesterday<-dep cop nmod nsubj
barrier<-case amod compound
92<-dep compound
trade<-case compound amod
shrub<-cc conj
accessory<-case compound
itself<-cc conj
finish<-det nmod compound
grow<-cc conj advmod nsubj
standard<-case nmod:poss amod
wait<-acl nmod compound
operation<-cc conj cc:preconj nmod amod
strategy<-amod nmod:poss compound
preclude<-case det compound
set<-aux auxpass dobj nsubjpass compound:prt
right<-cop
segment<-case compound nmod:poss amod
boss<-dep nmod:poss nmod amod
choose<-xcomp nsubj nmod mark
Bronner<-nmod compound
firm<-case nummod compound nmod:poss amod
strike<-mark
seed<-cc conj
Christmas<-case det nmod amod
protection<-det nmod amod
reap<-dep advmod nmod dobj
underline<-advmod dobj
soar<-advmod nsubj
discuss<-dobj iobj mark
45<-dep
area<-case cc conj compound
paragraph<-case det amod
wait<-neg advcl mark
Studios<-compound
release<-aux cop nmod:tmod nsubj
controversial<-aux cop nmod nsubj
interested<-xcomp aux cop nsubj
take<-xcomp nsubj advmod mark
possible<-aux cop csubj mark
union<-det amod
trouble<-case compound nmod:poss amod
micoprocessor<-case
phone<-cc appos advmod det
yell<-cc conj nsubj advmod mark
include<-aux dobj ccomp neg nsubj
so-so<-cop advmod nsubj
audit<-cop nmod nsubj
leery<-aux cop nmod advmod nsubj
skirmish<-cop nsubj dep det nmod aux
Jelinski<-case nmod compound
Clark<-appos compound
help<-advmod ccomp nsubj
Rockies<-case det amod
Airways<-case compound
exist<-cc conj nmod dobj
factor<-case det nmod
face<-nsubj ccomp advcl
bridge<-case cc conj compound
end<-case cop det nmod amod
price<-cop det nmod amod
continue<-dep cc conj nmod dobj
derive<-case
worry<-cop advmod
period<-cc det nmod amod
complete<-advmod nmod mark
investment<-dep advmod det nmod
307.2<-dep
Litchfield<-dep
show<-acl:relcl det amod
get<-aux nsubj dobj neg advcl
post<-nmod:tmod nmod dobj
levels.desperate<-ccomp
endanger<-dobj mark
principal<-amod
great<-aux advmod cop neg nsubj
tempting<-nmod
leasing<-cc conj compound
Ogilvy<-case cc conj
promise<-nmod:poss
thing<-amod nmod compound
contain<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
Steinhardt<-compound
legislator<-case acl:relcl amod
use<-nsubj cc advmod dobj advcl aux
bandwagon<-case det amod
forget<-xcomp
buyer<-appos compound
call<-dobj iobj mark
excess<-case aux cop nmod nsubj
dig<-advcl nmod nsubj
revision<-cc conj det nmod
veto<-acl det amod
report<-case cc conj compound amod
disclose<-ccomp mark
yet<-nmod
meet<-advmod ccomp nsubj
consultant<-case nmod amod
contractor<-case cc conj compound
graduate<-det compound
ok<-dep cop nsubj
undo<-cop nsubj cc nmod aux conj
favor<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
lending<-case cc conj amod
initiate<-xcomp aux nsubj
trap<-dobj
16.375<-dep
stretch<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
waive<-xcomp aux nsubj
wave<-case compound
greater<-advmod nmod
company<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
involve<-dep cop advmod nmod nsubj
hope<-aux cop ccomp nsubj
partly<-dep nmod
duty<-compound
story<-compound nmod amod
restriction<-compound nmod amod
G.m.b.H.<-case appos compound
economist<-det amod
better<-xcomp cop
status<-compound amod
dark<-parataxis cop nsubj cc advmod nmod conj
wait<-xcomp
undertake<-dobj nmod mark
group<-case acl:relcl amod
virulence<-det
quote<-cop nmod advcl
snail<-case det
downgrade<-dobj iobj nmod:tmod nsubj
string<-nmod nsubj
Homeroom<-dep
dependent<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
have<-xcomp parataxis nmod nsubj
recommendation<-det amod
build<-auxpass dobj
Ghana<-case advmod
home<-case cc conj compound
founder<-cc conj nmod:poss
pre-registered<-cop mark
only<-nmod amod
shake<-case det nmod
research<-amod
close<-case nmod amod
Supervisors<-compound
beat<-dep
16.375<-case dep advmod
control<-nsubj cc dobj aux conj mark
install<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
day<-case nmod:poss compound
supermarket<-dep
%<-case nummod det nmod
dream<-xcomp nsubj
provide<-nsubj ccomp mark
set<-nmod ccomp
company<-cop compound det advcl amod
broker<-case nmod
S&P<-case appos
Foley<-case compound
frustrating<-cop advmod advcl
1990<-case det nmod
change<-case cop compound:prt nsubj
father<-dep
tip<-cop nsubj cc advmod det nmod
cancel<-dobj
most<-dep cop advmod nsubj
inflate<-cc conj
Schlumberger<-case
detector<-case det
structure<-cop nmod nsubj
many<-cop advmod ccomp
terrorism<-case nmod
head<-case compound
group<-case nummod det
comrade<-compound
52.25<-case dep nmod
benefit<-aux nsubj nmod advmod advcl
show<-nsubj neg nmod compound:prt advcl aux
comet<-cc conj
cream<-nmod compound
default<-case det
ingratiate<-dobj nmod mark
older<-cop
feature<-ccomp nsubj
loyalty<-det
couple<-case acl:relcl det compound
corporate-finance<-cc conj
dance<-advcl
enter<-xcomp dobj nsubj
money<-dep cop
mislead<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass
son<-det nmod
boss<-det nmod amod
greater<-cop advmod advcl nsubj
clock<-det
could<-nsubj nmod dobj
distance<-det
chart<-det nmod amod
filing<-nummod
expert<-nummod det nmod
}<-nsubj advmod dobj mark aux compound:prt
consolidate<-xcomp mark
fare<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
negotiate<-xcomp auxpass nmod
pitch<-xcomp advmod nsubj
conclusion<-case det nmod
lie<-nsubj dep advmod nmod dobj mark
qualify<-aux advcl neg nsubj
add<-cc conj nmod dobj
hire<-case dobj
Sox<-compound acl:relcl nmod amod
fuel<-case compound
Gifford<-compound
say<-cc aux advmod dobj nsubj
city<-case dep advmod
earlier.sales<-dep nmod amod
do<-dep
acquire<-dep nmod dobj
hallmark<-cop det nmod
Sherman<-amod compound
suspension<-amod nmod nsubj
track<-case dep appos det
where<-dep
lobby<-case acl:relcl nmod
satisfy<-aux nmod
acquire<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
plunge<-cc conj dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
change<-cop mark
party<-compound
1,013<-nmod
labor<-case compound nmod:poss amod
affect<-dep dobj nsubj
reinstatement<-nmod:poss
expensive<-cop nsubj cc advmod aux conj
Spielvogel<-cc conj compound
receive<-nsubj dep advmod dobj aux mark
incomplete<-cop
making<-nmod ccomp
amount<-acl:relcl det nmod compound
Stephens<-compound
Philippines<-case cc conj det
use<-case nummod nmod
manufacturer<-dep amod
user<-det nmod
%<-cop nummod advmod advcl nsubj
failure<-dep nmod
lie<-nsubj advmod advcl
victimize<-aux cop nmod nsubj
busy<-nsubj
departure<-case det nmod
think<-dep aux xcomp nmod nsubj
result<-case dep nmod cc conj nmod:poss
project<-cc cop amod acl:relcl nsubj
bottle<-nummod compound
determined<-advmod
sanction<-case cop advmod
friend<-det nmod
control<-compound det amod
british<-nsubj dobj
urge<-xcomp aux nsubj dobj mark
decline<-cop nmod
lie<-dobj ccomp nsubj
offer<-dep cop det nmod compound
company<-case nummod acl:relcl
circle<-case det
pool<-cop det nmod amod
steely<-nsubj ccomp mark
reserve<-case compound nmod:poss amod
evacuate<-cop advmod compound
market<-acl det nsubj
abortion<-amod
say<-xcomp nmod nsubj
keep<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
Calif.<-nmod compound
hopeless<-nsubj
feel<-ccomp mark
document<-compound amod
open<-cc conj nmod nsubj
beggar<-case amod
panel<-dep det
press<-case acl det amod
coating<-case nmod amod
traditionalist<-case compound amod
number<-neg nmod amod
carry<-dep nsubj iobj dobj
accrue<-advcl nsubj
conversation<-acl:relcl det nmod
stockpile<-acl:relcl
take<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
work<-advcl advmod dobj compound:prt
purchase<-nmod dobj
fail<-nsubj dep nmod:tmod dobj cc aux conj
possible<-xcomp nsubj
light<-det amod
critical<-cop nmod
understand<-dobj ccomp nsubj
reporter<-case det
give<-advcl iobj dobj
offer<-nsubj ccomp mark
headline<-case advmod det acl:relcl
room<-compound det nmod amod
move<-xcomp advmod
score<-case det amod
batter<-aux dobj advmod nsubj
face<-case det nmod compound
aftershock<-det nmod
music<-case nmod:poss
appropriate<-aux cop advmod nsubj
terminate<-nsubj dobj mark
success<-dep
proposal<-advmod nmod:poss
substitute<-dep amod
supply<-aux dobj nsubj
Park<-case nmod:poss compound
unicycle<-det
path<-advmod det compound
credit<-cc conj cc:preconj det amod
hit<-dep dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
budget<-case det nmod compound
{<-dep aux advmod dobj nsubj
recover<-dep dobj
refuse<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass
free<-aux compound:prt dobj advcl nsubj
parallel<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
hit<-cop advmod det nmod nsubj
curtail<-xcomp mark
can<-case nummod nmod
contend<-nsubj ccomp advcl
list<-nmod:poss nmod amod
liberalize<-cc conj nsubj advmod advcl
$<-case cc nummod nmod acl:relcl conj
repress<-advmod
candidate<-acl:relcl amod
Interstate<-case nummod nmod compound
accord<-compound amod
step<-acl:relcl amod
link<-case
compete<-nmod
stave<-dobj compound:prt
fine<-advmod
900,000<-advmod
import<-case nmod amod
Warner<-appos acl
nothing<-advmod
dada<-cc conj
perform<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
lure<-xcomp mark
move<-cop acl det amod
supervisor<-cop nsubj advmod det nmod amod acl:relcl
low<-case nmod:poss nmod
middle-income<-cc conj
haltingly<-cc dep advmod
complicated<-cop nsubj cc advmod ccomp conj
fall<-dep appos det
resign<-aux nmod
Rosen<-case compound
E<-acl:relcl compound
u-turn<-det
competitor<-case det amod
Army<-case cc conj det compound
go<-xcomp advcl nmod nsubj
megabyte<-case nummod
be<-dep neg expl mark
run<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
strip<-amod compound
rewrite<-dep det
failure<-dep det acl
planner<-cc cop conj det acl
introduce<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
U.S.<-case acl:relcl det
angle<-cop nmod:poss nsubj
deficit<-compound
accountant<-cc conj compound
rent<-case cc conj amod
work<-amod
feel<-xcomp nsubj neg nmod advcl aux
Plains<-dep
Sherlund<-appos compound
fiber<-case dep compound
make<-xcomp dobj nsubj
struggle<-nmod acl
award<-case det
manufacture<-cop det nmod
expect<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
revise<-ccomp nsubj
allude<-dep nmod
accept<-nmod
damage<-cop advmod det nmod amod aux
hope<-case neg nmod acl
safe<-xcomp cop advmod
part<-aux cop nsubj nmod mark
bushel<-det nmod
unavailable<-nmod nsubj
dividend<-cc conj det nmod amod
suite<-nmod amod
restaurant<-compound
develop<-aux advmod
realize<-nsubj advmod nmod ccomp aux mark
strike<-dobj compound:prt
coupon<-cc conj
tap<-dobj
sell<-dep advcl dobj nsubj
catch<-cc cop advmod det
Ore.<-case compound
show<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
Greenspan<-dep compound
low<-cc conj
see<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
20<-dep compound
massage.and<-advmod ccomp mark
massage<-case compound
suffer<-nsubj dobj nmod:tmod mark
company<-case acl:relcl det compound
O'Kicki<-cc conj compound
it<-case cop neg nsubj
deter<-dobj
shape<-advmod dobj
profession<-case det acl
Blair<-nummod
water<-case cop amod
catch<-dobj nmod advmod mark
fare<-cc advmod
reduce<-ccomp dobj
consider<-aux advmod dobj advcl nsubj
businessman<-cop nsubj cc mark compound conj
Pool<-compound
ad<-det amod
game<-compound nmod:poss amod
hold<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
assistant<-dep nummod acl:relcl
advance<-dep aux dobj nmod nsubj
fine<-cop nsubj
need<-case neg nmod
effective<-cop nsubj nmod advmod mark
eliminate<-case acl:relcl
agree<-xcomp aux conj cc nsubj
start<-cc aux advmod xcomp nsubj
complaint<-det nmod
Central<-case
hostile<-advmod
version<-case det amod
advance<-case nmod
wind<-aux nsubj compound:prt nmod advcl
battleground<-dep det amod
order<-cc conj det compound
rally<-case nmod amod
row<-nmod
asset<-case dep nmod:poss
official<-case cc conj amod
order<-cop nmod amod
judge<-case det amod
define<-advcl dobj nsubj
severance<-nummod compound
prohibit<-dobj iobj nsubj
Rodgers<-case
risk<-case amod det acl:relcl det:predet
decision<-det nmod nsubj
growth<-case cc conj nmod:poss amod
money<-compound amod
Europeans<-case
reduce<-cop nsubj dep advmod dobj mark
damage<-case det
MIPS<-acl:relcl
storage<-case cop nsubj nmod mark
99.80<-case
dress<-compound nmod amod
push<-nsubj dobj mark
estate<-amod compound
shut<-nsubj nmod compound:prt
optimist<-case cc conj acl:relcl
reap<-aux nsubj nmod mark
start<-nsubj
translate<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
cast<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
brother<-case cc nummod acl:relcl conj
pre-sign<-case compound
take<-advmod compound:prt nmod dobj
Decker<-compound
little<-xcomp cop advmod
get<-advmod compound:prt nmod nsubj
set<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod advcl
low.in<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass dobj
age<-nummod acl:relcl
Lambert<-case dep appos compound
day.December<-case det
weary<-dep nmod
link<-nmod compound
Tarnopol<-amod compound
death<-cc nummod conj compound
margin<-nmod
able<-dep aux cop nsubj mark
season<-case nummod det
bid<-cop amod det nmod nsubj
supervisor<-compound
Regal<-compound
support<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
part<-nmod amod
attributable<-cop nmod:tmod nmod
circulate<-case compound amod
expression<-amod
official<-case amod compound
project<-case nummod det
university<-advmod
turn<-dobj nsubj
sell<-neg advmod dobj nsubj
associate<-case det nmod acl compound amod
turn<-aux compound:prt nsubj
Pasadena<-dep
hdtv<-acl:relcl nmod
six-shooter<-det nmod
Stanley<-cc conj appos compound
Office<-dep
commute<-nmod:poss acl
July<-amod
force<-aux dobj
await<-nmod dobj
bar<-cc aux conj cop nsubj
Covert<-compound
side<-cc cop advmod det nmod
ban<-cop nmod nsubj
buying<-nmod compound
president<-case det nmod amod
restore<-aux ccomp nsubj
Campbell<-appos compound
buy<-mark nmod dobj
right<-cc cop nsubj
campaign<-case acl:relcl det compound
messrs.graedel<-case cc conj acl:relcl
glide<-advmod compound:prt dobj nsubj
give<-aux dobj neg nsubj
failure<-cop compound amod det mark
woo<-advmod dobj
tv<-cop advcl det nmod mark
Partners<-dep compound
admit<-advmod ccomp
deficit<-case nmod:poss amod
necklace<-dep
house<-acl amod
battle<-case dep amod
mean<-nsubj advmod dobj
region<-cop acl det amod
address<-xcomp
accuse<-nsubj dobj advcl
Barksdale<-compound
devoid<-aux cop nmod nsubj
maintainence<-nmod amod
represent<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj conj
mention<-xcomp neg
part<-cop nsubj det nmod amod det:predet
circuit<-nmod:poss amod
rescission<-compound
community<-nummod acl:relcl
worker<-nummod amod
ear<-dep det amod
assure<-case ccomp dobj
debt<-case dep acl:relcl nmod:poss amod
guarantee<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
Buzzell<-cc conj compound
commission<-compound
venture<-compound acl:relcl amod
refusal<-acl nmod:poss amod
sector<-case appos compound det amod
tractor<-case cc conj
means<-cop nsubj advmod det nmod mark aux acl
five<-dep
Microsoft<-det compound
statistics<-nmod compound
strength<-cc conj det
deny<-iobj nmod dobj
government-controlled<-cc nummod det conj
foresee<-aux dobj nmod neg nsubj
America<-cop compound nsubj mark
susceptible<-cop nsubj cc nmod aux conj
general<-case nmod
follow<-det
list<-dep det compound
shvartzer<-cop det nmod amod
make<-case
hall<-amod compound
die<-dep advmod nmod:tmod nsubj
scam<-det
feed<-nmod compound
World<-nmod compound
best<-parataxis cop nsubj dep advmod det acl:relcl
turmoil<-case nmod
trouble<-cop nmod
Thevenot<-compound
depress<-aux nsubj dobj advmod advcl
steer<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
great<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
philosophy<-compound
body<-nmod:poss compound
cease<-aux dobj advmod nsubj
cost<-cc conj compound:prt nsubj
promotion<-case nmod:poss compound
20<-dep advmod
source<-case dep nmod
regulation<-compound
exam<-det amod
Senate<-case acl:relcl det
do<-dobj advmod nsubj
upbeat<-case det amod
close<-dep cop advmod nsubj
name<-cc det nmod amod compound conj
commission<-acl
job<-nummod det nmod
Rifenburgh<-compound
orthodox<-dep
Security<-cc conj compound
send<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
Torrijos<-ccomp nsubj
volatile<-cc cop conj advmod nsubj
Kimbrough<-cop compound amod det nsubj
cause<-case cc advmod det nmod compound conj
Wall<-compound
happen<-nsubj ccomp mark
come<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
treatment<-case nmod
surprise<-det
empire<-nmod nsubj
grasp<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
set<-nsubj nmod mark
provision<-case advmod amod
rating<-cc acl:relcl
deserve<-ccomp mark
buy<-nmod advcl
wool<-case
nationalistic<-nmod
awful<-advmod
February<-case dep acl:relcl det
mark.sir<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
nightlife<-xcomp
priority<-cop acl:relcl det nsubj
atmosphere<-case det nmod
athlete<-det
lack<-dep nsubj dobj
I<-case cc conj
criminal<-det
wholly<-xcomp cop neg
boost<-advmod dobj
buy<-advcl nmod nsubj
ask<-dep nsubj dobj mark
exploit<-aux nsubj advmod ccomp advcl
gene<-nummod det compound
operation<-dep nmod:poss compound
sell<-nsubj advmod dobj advcl aux mark
pressure<-cop det nmod mark
O'Brien<-appos compound
monitor<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
apartment<-acl:relcl det
)<-cc conj
development<-nmod amod
he<-dep cc conj mark
resistance<-nmod:poss
sure<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
think<-advcl advmod nsubj
he<-case cop nsubj mark
backlog<-nmod:poss compound
average<-dep det nmod amod
say<-cc conj nsubj dobj mark
papers<-case nmod compound
guy<-advmod det
difficulty<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss
maintain<-cc conj dobj mark
American<-case appos compound
martini<-case det acl
chant<-det compound
run<-auxpass dobj nsubjpass nmod mark
future<-case cop nsubj neg det aux
)<-case dep amod
get<-nsubj dobj advmod advcl
mood<-case cop nsubj neg det acl
kill<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
send<-advcl nsubj advmod dobj mark
core<-det nmod
make<-case det amod
horse<-case cop cc det amod advcl mark
slide<-det nmod compound
take<-nsubj advmod nmod compound:prt aux dobj
admonish<-xcomp
treat<-xcomp aux nmod
import<-case det nmod
reason<-advmod det acl amod
hire<-amod nmod compound
crop<-case appos det amod
bread<-case
play<-aux nmod compound:prt
industrial<-cc conj
contrast<-case det amod
baby<-case dep appos
office<-case nummod compound
Germain<-dep compound
sell<-dep dobj nmod advcl
child<-cop det nmod
deflator<-case amod
system<-appos det compound
government<-det det:predet
2.50<-case dep nmod
success<-case appos
ABC<-case cc conj
Big<-nummod det
Pro-Iranian<-dep nsubj
50<-cop advcl nmod nsubj
margin<-compound amod
yield<-dep advmod nsubj
product<-appos det amod
evidence<-dep neg
psychiatry<-case nmod
illustrate<-parataxis dobj nsubj
take<-aux nsubj compound:prt dobj advcl
sing<-nsubj advmod dobj mark
headquarters<-case cop nsubj ccomp compound:prt nmod:poss
buy<-cc aux conj nmod nsubj
name-dropping<-dep
Filipinos<-case cc conj det
use<-nsubj cc neg advmod aux conj
bigger<-cop advmod ccomp nsubj
maintain<-cc conj dobj advmod nsubj
head<-compound det amod
maggot<-cc conj
Mitsubishi<-case
developer<-det compound
damage<-cc cop advmod nsubj
creator<-det nmod amod
plan<-nmod:poss amod
right<-advmod det acl:relcl
Portfolio<-cc conj cc:preconj nmod:poss compound
Signore<-appos compound
harder<-dep
leave<-aux dobj ccomp nsubj
heat<-case
Latowski<-compound
carry-forward<-case compound
equip<-nummod compound
mailbox<-case det
acceptable<-cop nmod neg
reschedule<-dobj nmod mark
prop<-nummod amod
spokesman<-appos det compound
voice<-advmod dobj nsubj
awful<-xcomp cop nsubj advmod advcl aux
cater<-nmod mark
confirmation<-nmod
accident<-amod nmod compound
brand<-det nmod
light<-cop advmod nmod
director<-case amod
dollar<-case acl:relcl det amod
show<-cc conj
one<-case nmod:npmod nmod
half<-case advmod det nmod amod
apology<-det
acquisition<-cop advcl nmod:poss amod
offset<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj advcl aux
Blazer<-case cc conj nmod:poss amod
65-day<-dep amod
second-guess<-aux cop nmod nsubj
financier<-cop acl:relcl det
debt<-case acl:relcl compound
ton<-cop nsubj advmod nmod amod mark
australian<-xcomp dobj mark
recommend<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
guard<-advmod dobj nsubj
last<-cc conj nmod:tmod nsubj
offer<-advmod ccomp
Ogilvy<-cc conj acl
live<-compound:prt dobj mark
cancel<-dobj nmod nsubj
year.alternatively<-det
end<-case appos det compound
region<-case det amod
base<-cc cop conj nmod nsubj
fracas<-case det amod
control<-case dep amod
kit<-cop nsubj cc advmod det amod acl
claim<-compound amod
change<-advcl nsubj
principal<-cc conj advmod
mainframe<-case det amod
setback<-cop det nmod
embrace<-nsubj dobj mark
irradiate<-cop nmod nsubj
facility<-compound det acl amod
chairman<-dep det ccomp
IPO<-case
trade<-case compound nmod amod
Giuliani<-case appos compound
prepare<-xcomp neg auxpass nsubjpass mark
learn<-nsubj dep nmod:tmod dobj cc conj ccomp
spending<-nmod dobj
forecast<-compound det amod
)<-cop compound advmod nmod nsubj
disclose<-cc conj advmod ccomp nsubj
metal<-case cc conj compound
busy<-dep cop nsubj
selling<-case nmod:poss
Counsel<-case det compound
relieve<-auxpass advmod nmod:tmod nmod
source<-case compound
side<-dep nummod det
walk<-aux nmod
relationship<-case nmod:poss nmod
loan<-dep cop advmod neg
furor<-det nmod amod
wind<-det acl
knock<-case compound
lead<-dobj ccomp nmod nsubj
immaturity<-amod
Herring<-case cc conj compound
spend<-ccomp nmod nsubj
draft<-cop det nmod nsubj
cattle<-case
owner<-case nmod:poss amod
compatible<-cop advmod nmod neg nsubj
stop<-cc conj advmod nmod nsubj
pend<-advcl dobj nsubj
remember<-dep aux dobj parataxis nsubj
Meltzer<-nummod compound nmod:poss appos amod
catastrophe<-nummod det amod
re-enter<-xcomp mark
debt<-cop acl:relcl nmod:poss nmod amod
complexity<-cc conj det nmod
violence<-case
Fujitsu<-dep
winter<-case det
Watson<-nmod:poss compound
repair<-xcomp advmod
learn<-xcomp aux
manufacture<-case nmod
be<-neg advmod ccomp nsubj
constrain<-dep aux nsubj dobj mark
14,505<-dep advmod
Wachovia<-case cc conj
strike<-dobj ccomp nsubj
Fujisawa<-dep
Army<-dep det
role<-case acl:relcl det amod
eliminate<-dep dobj nmod mark
cancel<-xcomp advmod nsubj
ahead.and<-advcl nsubj
play<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
brother<-appos advmod det
holder<-case det nmod compound
turn<-xcomp nmod nsubj
conspirator<-case cc conj
encourage<-xcomp aux advmod neg nsubj
aim<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
2.09<-dep
1,735<-dep cop advmod acl nsubj
veto<-case advmod det amod
board<-cc conj amod
loosely<-cc cop conj dobj nsubj
dry<-nsubj
exploit<-aux neg nsubj
assessment<-case compound
see<-dep nmod:tmod
communication<-cop nsubj acl:relcl amod mark
bounce<-case compound nmod amod
power<-appos amod
pressure<-acl amod
S.A.<-case appos compound
lab<-case nmod
rival<-dobj nmod mark
complete<-mark
be<-cc advmod advcl
dream<-case det
operation<-acl:relcl det
satellite<-compound det amod
aftermath<-case det
important<-cop advmod ccomp
2.82<-dep
fund<-parataxis cop det compound
see<-mark advmod ccomp nsubj
exist<-advcl nsubj mark
parenthood<-dep
advertiser<-case cop nsubj appos ccomp amod mark nmod:poss
investigator<-cc conj compound:prt ccomp nsubj
health<-case dep
coat<-compound
hobo<-amod det compound
cooperate<-aux nsubj advmod mark
better<-cc conj ccomp
cocotte<-case det amod
change<-cc dep conj advcl
mention<-nsubj cc neg dobj aux conj
moderation<-det nmod amod
base<-nmod amod
bourbon<-cop amod det nmod nsubj
inspiration<-cop nsubj cc det nmod amod conj
shopping<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
condemn<-dobj
avalanche<-det nmod
action<-det amod
fund<-case acl:relcl amod
trick<-acl:relcl det det:predet
season<-det
1.5990<-case dep
backdrop<-case det nmod
wire<-cc dep
skyscraper<-compound nmod:poss amod
symbol<-det nmod
get<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
1462.93<-case
shape<-cc cop conj advmod nsubj
product<-acl:relcl det amod
level<-case cop acl:relcl det nsubj
revolt<-case det amod
reduce<-aux nmod
void<-cop nsubj nmod mark
arise<-aux nsubj
keep<-nmod ccomp
think<-aux advmod nmod neg nsubj
trial<-det compound
abortion.it<-amod
involve<-advmod nmod ccomp
accede<-nmod mark
agree<-xcomp aux nsubj nmod mark
increase<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj aux conj ccomp
cleanser<-cc conj amod
tenfold<-nmod
Icahn<-acl:relcl compound
opening<-case det nmod amod
Vedrine<-appos compound
throw<-dep dobj nmod compound:prt
hold<-nsubj nmod compound:prt advcl aux mark
Mixte<-nmod compound
prompt<-advmod
operator<-nmod
demand<-cop amod nmod mark
crunch<-advmod nmod nsubj
lock<-nsubj compound:prt mark
rape<-advmod
principal<-cc conj cc:preconj
introduce<-dep advmod dobj
only<-nmod:npmod advcl
Haberle<-case compound
Christie<-nmod compound
card<-nummod compound
study<-ccomp nsubj
retain<-xcomp aux nsubj advcl
limit<-cc cop advmod
role<-cop det nmod
landscape<-case appos det amod
center<-case cop nsubj dep det nmod
allow<-advmod iobj nmod dobj
4.40<-dep
shift<-ccomp mark
tell<-xcomp nsubj dobj mark
tactic<-case
department-store<-nummod nmod:poss amod
best<-det
set<-aux auxpass advmod nmod neg
improve<-xcomp advmod mark
have<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
title<-case det
impatience<-nmod:poss nmod
salespeople<-compound
difficulty<-acl:relcl det
ointment<-case dep det amod
benefit<-case det nmod
overwhelm<-dobj nsubj
onset<-case det nmod amod
hit<-case dobj
bronco<-case acl:relcl amod
emphasize<-nmod ccomp
Newspeak<-acl:relcl
Huber<-appos compound
suit<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
evasion<-case compound amod
electronic-data<-acl:relcl compound
similar<-cop nmod:tmod nmod
express<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj conj
receipt<-nmod:poss compound
report<-acl:relcl nmod:poss
pressure<-case det
truculence<-amod
bureaucrat<-case cc nummod det compound conj
close<-dep advmod nmod:tmod
connection<-det amod
pollutant<-case amod
compile<-nmod
buy-out<-cc conj
A.G.<-nmod:poss compound
procurement<-case cc conj
catch<-compound:prt
carefully<-advmod
15,000<-advmod
Bertussi<-compound
purchase<-cop nsubj neg advmod mark aux
exclude<-dobj nmod mark
sell<-nsubj cc nmod compound:prt aux conj
extend<-aux nmod:tmod nmod
give<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
premium<-nmod:poss compound
professional<-compound
fail<-neg mark
go<-dep aux xcomp
have<-xcomp nsubj neg mark advcl aux
order<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
end.both<-case nmod:poss
proceed<-nmod
choice<-cc det acl
commitment<-case compound nmod amod
lieutenant<-case amod
finagle<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
struggle<-det nmod amod
search<-nmod
contest<-det acl
cent<-case nummod appos compound
client<-acl nsubj
fund<-case cc conj det amod
newsletter<-dep det
traffic<-case nmod compound
pot<-compound:prt nmod advmod mark
number<-compound amod
pardon<-dep
fund<-case advmod compound nmod amod
dividend<-case det nmod:tmod amod
steelmake<-case
benefit<-cc conj cc:preconj det compound
unchanged<-cop advmod nmod
scheme<-det
recover<-aux nsubj
pessimism<-compound amod
Sugarman<-case compound
appear<-nsubj advmod nmod mark
embassy<-compound det nmod amod
relate<-xcomp nmod mark
country<-compound nmod amod
stroll<-compound
East<-case cc conj cc:preconj
suggestion<-det ccomp
curb<-det amod
boulevard<-case det
's<-advmod ccomp nsubj
team<-dep
dispatch<-aux nsubj dobj advcl
campaign<-compound
holding<-nummod compound
18<-case dep
Dali<-case acl:relcl compound
overdue<-cop advmod
old<-dep cop conj cc
night<-nummod advmod
site<-case det nmod compound
come<-nmod:tmod nmod mark
suit<-case det nmod amod
load<-compound det amod
be<-cc conj nsubj advmod expl
slow<-xcomp mark
director<-amod nmod nsubj
increase<-case compound nmod amod
producer<-acl det compound
step<-aux compound:prt nsubj
Army<-case det compound
Bush<-cc acl:relcl compound
Abramson<-case compound
faith<-case nmod
patronize<-advmod
set<-nsubj advmod nmod compound:prt aux dobj
role<-acl:relcl nmod:poss nmod
desire<-case nmod:poss acl
high-ranking<-advmod
management<-case cop xcomp amod
relationship<-case det compound
tread<-dobj advmod nsubj
surge<-neg compound
creed<-dep det amod
{<-cop nsubj cc advmod compound conj nmod:poss
16.97<-dep
violate<-nsubj dobj advcl
mirroring<-case det nmod amod
replicate<-cc dep advmod dobj
come<-cc conj advmod mark
variable<-dep det
cell<-dep cc nummod
activity<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
use<-nsubj cc advmod advcl aux conj
department<-case nmod amod
state<-case nmod:poss amod
continent<-case dep det
cut<-cc conj dobj mark
budget<-case cc conj amod
economist<-advmod det nmod
begin<-advcl dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
facility<-nummod compound amod
slow<-compound:prt dobj mark
aftershock<-case
speak<-xcomp
man<-compound det amod
reimpose<-aux nsubj dobj advmod mark
condition<-case compound
reard<-dobj
release<-compound
distinguish<-dep nmod dobj
cash-deferred<-cc conj
AZT<-case det nmod compound
margin<-nmod:poss nmod
problem<-cc acl:relcl nmod:poss nmod
deliver<-nsubj ccomp mark
chip<-nummod compound amod
refine<-aux nsubj dobj advcl mark
container<-dep compound acl:relcl amod
company<-case cc conj det dep
own<-advmod ccomp nsubj
impression<-dep nmod:poss
Moonies<-case acl:relcl det nmod amod
quality<-case cop nsubj advmod amod aux
chronicle<-ccomp nsubj
Co.<-compound amod
analysis<-case cc conj nmod:poss nmod
transaction<-case cop det nmod nsubj
finish<-dobj nsubj
year<-case nummod det nmod amod
Woman<-case cc conj compound
Judy<-cc conj
company<-cop det nmod acl compound amod
soar<-parataxis nsubj
weapon<-cop nsubj det nmod amod mark
strip<-dep compound
education<-amod
opt<-aux nmod nsubj
testify<-ccomp nmod nsubj
723<-case
fight<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
Big<-case nummod det
think<-aux nsubj nmod advcl
bolster<-aux ccomp
Padovan<-amod compound
Madonna<-case nmod
freedom<-case
disclose<-advcl nsubj dobj advmod mark
commemorate<-advmod nmod dobj
Altman<-cc conj compound
exchange<-dep aux dobj nmod nsubj
pay<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj advcl aux
least<-case dep advmod det
regulation<-case nmod amod
Trelleborg<-cc conj
violate<-dobj
book<-case acl:relcl det compound
easy<-xcomp cop conj cc
put<-cc advcl dobj nmod nsubj
blur<-advmod dobj
japanese<-case cc conj cc:preconj
Brady<-dep cc appos conj compound
seat<-dep advmod
achieve<-aux auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
(<-advmod nmod
take<-cc dobj iobj nsubj
soar<-nsubj
swell<-case det nmod amod
reverse<-dobj
bore<-cc cop conj
purchase<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
stay<-xcomp aux dobj nmod nsubj
shadow<-cc conj ccomp advcl
catch<-advcl compound:prt
calm<-det nmod amod
give<-parataxis nsubj
put<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj conj mark
go<-cc aux xcomp neg nsubj
use<-ccomp mark
Roger<-case
dedicate<-xcomp cop advmod nsubj
heat<-nmod amod
account<-nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
temperature<-case advmod det amod
serve<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
report<-dep nmod mark
Township<-case compound
create<-xcomp mark
Watertown<-dep
disclosure<-det
negotiate<-auxpass nmod
nine<-acl
one<-acl det amod
dump<-advcl advmod dobj nmod nsubj
encourage<-xcomp advmod dobj nsubj
ebensburg<-advcl mark
recognize<-dobj nsubj
half<-dep det nmod amod
dividend<-amod det compound
successful<-cc conj
Bank<-dobj
shock<-det acl
translate<-aux auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
reader<-dep compound
tab<-case nmod:poss compound
stock<-acl:relcl nmod
manual<-nmod:poss compound
pre-register<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
risk<-advmod compound
bench<-nsubj
fleet<-nmod
Decatur<-dep
raise<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
wander<-compound:prt dobj mark
story<-cop det nmod
crime<-case dep det
elect<-nsubj advmod dobj
1022/32<-case
750,000<-case dep
DeVon<-case
record<-case nummod compound
do<-xcomp advcl mark
Vernon<-case cc conj compound
balloon<-dep det compound
story<-nummod
subpoena<-case det
friend<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
day<-dep nummod
massage<-amod
crop<-cop amod det neg nsubj
confusion<-case nmod
us<-dep
outlet<-case nmod:poss nmod
commodity<-det nmod
fire<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod mark
continue<-xcomp nsubj advmod advcl
like<-aux nsubj ccomp mark
commentary<-nmod:poss nmod compound
gerrymandering<-case amod
exhibition<-case det
treatment<-case det
Coogan<-case
reflect<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
drop<-nsubj cc advmod nmod aux conj
say<-cc conj advcl nsubj
people<-cc conj nmod
subject<-advcl
anticipate<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
lip<-nmod:poss
inhabit<-cc conj nmod nsubj
commonplace.if<-cop nsubj cc advmod det amod acl:relcl advcl conj
source<-case nmod compound
check<-aux compound:prt neg nsubj
gather<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
enthusiasm<-amod
situation<-cop acl:relcl det amod
do<-nsubj advmod dobj mark aux ccomp
30<-case advmod
forget<-neg advcl nsubj
counterpart<-cc dep advmod compound
distraction<-case compound
mega-issue<-xcomp nsubj
stick<-dobj nmod nsubj
cleanup<-neg
student<-det compound
1930<-case dep conj cc
print<-case det amod
flow<-case
bloc<-case appos det amod
imbalance<-case nmod
Banxquote<-case nmod
remove<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj
judge<-nummod nmod
reap<-dep advmod compound:prt nmod dobj
laughter<-case
produce<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
do<-nsubj nmod:tmod dobj
hotel<-case nummod det
Bush<-cop compound amod
Givens<-nmod compound
unclear<-cop ccomp nmod nsubj
transfer<-advmod dobj
wad<-case det nmod
look<-case compound det amod
robust<-dep cop advmod
cut<-advcl dobj nsubj
german<-dobj nmod mark
antibody<-case det
narrow<-aux nmod
convict<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass nmod
Nov.<-nummod appos
theme<-case amod
estimate<-nummod compound nsubj
you<-amod
step<-cc conj nmod compound:prt
enter<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
picture<-dep det
renown<-det nmod
sentiment<-dep amod
door<-case amod det nmod compound
brush<-dobj compound:prt
power<-det nmod compound
impasse<-cc conj det nmod amod
get<-ccomp nmod dobj
decline<-nsubj
enhance<-ccomp mark
Georgia-Pacific<-dep case conj cc
productive<-cop advmod
Refcorp<-dep
1936<-case
tumble<-det nmod amod
one<-dep acl:relcl
Merkur<-appos det amod
mix<-dobj nsubj
$<-case cc nummod det conj
executive<-cop nsubj det nmod mark
corrected.competition<-cop nsubj advmod ccomp aux mark
room<-case amod
file<-parataxis advcl advmod nsubj
ton<-case cc nummod conj amod
computer<-case cc neg det amod acl:relcl conj
alarmed<-advmod
problem<-case nmod:poss amod
out<-xcomp cop nmod
frustration<-case cc conj nmod:poss
moi<-case compound
folk<-case amod
communist<-advcl cop nsubj advmod mark
change<-xcomp cc conj mark
France<-case cc conj
harsher<-advmod nmod
Melloan<-case compound
drop<-cc dep det nmod amod
group<-cc conj
daughter<-dep cop det amod
Kean<-case compound
Pimlott<-amod compound
go<-advcl compound:prt
pilferage<-advcl advmod dobj
conclude<-nsubj nmod advcl
challenge<-case nummod nmod:poss amod
sing<-cc conj nsubj nmod advcl
hedge<-xcomp dep advmod nmod
monday<-case appos
japanese<-dobj ccomp mark
Benda<-appos amod compound
move<-case appos det
fall<-nsubj cc advmod advcl aux conj
750<-dep
financing<-cc conj amod
water<-case
deal<-cop nummod advmod acl
movie<-det nmod amod
pay<-aux dobj iobj nmod nsubj
increase<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
manager<-compound advmod det amod
serious<-nmod
inferno<-det amod
bird<-det
offer<-aux ccomp nsubj
announce<-xcomp aux dobj neg nsubj
line<-case nmod compound
grant<-advcl dobj nmod mark
competent<-advmod
technique<-compound det amod
requirement<-det amod
expert<-case nmod
bureaucrat<-appos det
5<-case
threat<-case compound det amod
warm<-dep cop advmod
improve<-dobj nmod nsubj
J&L<-acl:relcl
distribution<-case det nmod amod
business<-case det nmod
support<-dobj
Tuesday<-appos
desire<-case cc conj nmod:poss acl
index<-cop acl:relcl det amod
Avena<-appos compound
itself<-dep
%<-nummod det nmod
compound<-nmod
purchase<-cop nmod nsubj
work<-dep det nmod amod compound mark
point<-xcomp advmod nmod nsubj
sabers-along<-nmod
successively<-advcl
off<-cop nsubj
fuel<-aux dobj
raise<-nmod ccomp
worry<-aux advmod nmod neg nsubj
emergency-relief<-case amod
talent<-case dep conj cc
prisoner<-case det
dog<-case cc conj
rise<-dobj mark
execute<-aux nmod mark
add<-cc conj dobj ccomp nsubj
carrier<-advmod det amod
pull<-nsubj compound:prt nmod advmod mark
bonus<-nmod:poss amod
university<-case det
Act<-case acl:relcl det compound
Station<-case compound det amod
plant<-cc conj compound amod
run<-dep auxpass dobj compound:prt
raise<-aux dobj nmod:tmod advcl neg
deny<-cc dep conj dobj nsubj
24<-dep
president<-amod det nsubj
address<-det amod
unencumbered<-nmod
shopping<-case cc conj det
whale<-case
arch<-advmod dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
demand<-ccomp nmod nsubj
revolution<-case det amod
profit<-dep nmod
step<-nsubj cc nmod mark dep aux conj
frustrate<-dep nmod
conversion<-case det nmod
indicator<-acl det amod
expectation<-amod
meal<-case compound
softness<-case amod
sport<-dep advmod
closing<-dep det acl
interpretation<-cop nsubj cc det nmod amod conj mark
jacket<-case det nmod
want<-cc conj dobj nsubj
visit<-cc conj mark
aid<-case cc nummod nmod amod conj
blink<-case det nmod
celebration<-det nmod amod
distance<-case det
deplete<-case compound
construct<-nmod dobj
rally<-advcl dobj nsubj
lbo<-cop nsubj neg advmod det acl:relcl
reassure<-nsubj advmod ccomp
mainframe<-cop nmod:poss neg
4.46<-dep
earlier<-nmod:npmod advcl
shipment<-case cc conj nmod amod
prompt<-cc aux nsubj dobj advcl
30<-dep advmod
winner<-det amod
bell<-cc conj appos amod
set<-cc nsubj dobj advcl
release<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod:tmod
cascade<-det nmod amod
market<-nmod
negotiate<-cc dobj nsubj
product<-dep cc conj det amod
install<-cc conj nmod dobj
committee<-det nmod amod
2,060<-dep nummod
do<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
flight<-cc nummod conj amod
outstanding.but<-ccomp nsubj
go<-aux nsubj mark
anxiety<-case cop advmod nmod:poss
decade<-case cc conj det amod
use<-dep det nmod
heart<-case amod
rationalization<-case det
he<-case cop nmod
11.25<-case dep nmod
want<-xcomp ccomp nsubj
government<-cop det nmod mark
Sentra<-nmod:poss
leave<-ccomp
weather<-amod
money<-case appos compound
shelter<-compound amod
grant<-det nmod amod
output<-det amod
theme<-dep nmod:poss
committee<-appos
strength<-case nmod:poss
UAL<-case det
seed<-aux cop nmod nsubj
circuit<-cc conj
discussion<-case det
bankruptcy<-case cc cc:preconj det nmod conj
launch<-cop nmod:tmod nmod
simplify<-nsubj dobj advcl
right<-cop nsubj cc advmod nmod aux conj
american<-dep
dollar<-case nummod det nmod amod
pick<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
Dole<-case compound
big<-cc cop conj mark
day<-advmod det nmod
papers<-cc conj
submit<-cc conj nmod:tmod nmod
make<-advmod mark
tremor<-det compound
clanging<-det nmod
merchandise<-nmod compound
work<-dep aux nmod compound:prt
defendant<-amod
expect<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
proprietor<-case det nmod
September<-case acl:relcl det
atonal<-advmod
spend<-xcomp advmod nmod
pc<-nummod appos
preference<-nmod:poss nmod
position<-dep amod
arm<-case nmod amod
probable<-dep cop advmod
Landry<-case advmod acl:relcl compound
flip<-nmod dobj
893/4<-dep compound
middle<-cc conj
have<-dep nsubj ccomp mark
adjustment<-cop acl:relcl det nmod
have<-aux nsubj nmod mark
hesitation<-case cc conj
man<-case dep det
yield<-ccomp
serious<-dep advmod mark
requirement<-nmod
pale<-nmod
replace<-dep aux nmod nsubj
queen<-det nmod compound
advance<-det amod
Beverly<-dep compound
set<-aux advmod compound:prt dobj nsubj
criticism<-dep cop advmod nmod
maker<-cop appos amod compound mark nmod:poss
regard<-case compound
climb<-dep det compound
choice<-case compound nmod amod
enterprise<-case appos
cpa<-dep auxpass advmod
occur<-aux nsubj nmod advcl
flow<-nmod:poss nmod compound
dictatorship<-det amod
view<-cop nsubj cc nmod dep aux
travel<-case amod
impose<-advcl nsubj compound:prt advmod mark
confuse<-dep aux nmod
deal<-compound
threaten<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
cost-cutting<-case nmod:poss det:predet
regard<-cc aux advmod nmod nsubj
sheltered<-nmod
buy<-dep mark dobj nsubj
mention<-nsubj nmod mark
warning<-case det compound
1.1580<-case dep advmod
payment<-cop nmod
modulate<-nsubj
experiment<-det compound
hold<-aux ccomp nsubj
happen<-dobj compound:prt
run<-aux nsubj nmod mark
hour<-case dep nummod
network<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
rate<-case compound acl:relcl amod
handful<-nmod
scary<-cop nsubj
model<-case nmod:poss
answer<-nmod:tmod nmod dobj
note<-cc aux conj dobj
prose<-dep det
try<-xcomp aux mark
ear<-case amod
editor<-compound
issue<-nummod det amod
Noriega<-advmod det compound
associate<-case advmod det compound
year<-aux amod det nmod cop
underlie<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
criticize<-advmod nmod
base<-nmod compound
FDA<-case det
provide<-cc conj dobj nmod mark
2:25<-case advmod
card<-nmod amod
other<-cop advmod ccomp
link<-case compound amod
source<-case det nmod amod
start<-aux ccomp nsubj
add<-aux advcl nmod nsubj
end<-aux ccomp nsubj compound:prt mark
Gelbart<-dep compound
Sniper<-case det
disaster<-cop nsubj neg advmod det advcl
item<-nmod
couple<-case compound
device<-case cc conj compound amod
reclaim<-dobj nsubj
conventioner<-cc xcomp nsubj advcl
work<-case cop dep det nmod compound
cutback<-case det
guarantee<-cop nsubj nmod mark
believe<-aux advmod ccomp neg nsubj
belong<-nmod mark
require<-nmod dobj
dollar<-case dep advmod amod
mistrial<-nummod appos
Union<-case
select<-cc ccomp nsubj
device<-dep det
establish<-xcomp
create<-xcomp parataxis nsubj ccomp mark
consume<-advcl nmod nsubj
December<-case cc nummod conj
defeat<-dep dobj
attempt<-cop advcl
regain<-advmod dobj nsubj
style<-case nmod compound
appear<-xcomp mark
supplier<-cc dep conj
horn<-det
closer<-nmod:npmod cop ccomp mark
offering<-cop det nmod amod
officer<-case amod
opposition<-nmod:poss
attempt<-cop compound advmod det amod
rise<-xcomp nsubj nmod:tmod nmod dobj mark
gimmickry<-amod det compound
minority<-case dep amod
test<-case compound
install<-advcl dobj
majority<-case acl:relcl det amod
humanity<-dep
consider<-aux advmod ccomp
safety<-nmod
consider<-advcl aux dobj nmod nsubj
Carnival<-case
turnaround<-det nmod
easiest<-aux advcl det nsubj
pass<-amod
cast<-dobj nmod mark
Schulman<-nmod compound
pullback<-case amod
division<-cop amod det nmod mark
start<-xcomp parataxis nsubj
deter<-dobj nmod mark
story<-case compound amod
350,000<-case dep
workstation<-ccomp amod
second<-nmod
area<-case det nmod
shout<-auxpass ccomp
government<-case compound det amod
item<-compound amod
contribute<-nsubj nmod mark
share<-appos nmod
food<-det amod
offset<-xcomp nsubj mark
fraud<-case cc conj nmod
plan<-advcl dobj
Combustion<-case
1995<-case advmod
belong<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
sell<-cc aux conj dobj
extend<-aux nsubj
move<-compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
attitude<-compound
resonate<-nmod:poss nmod compound
popularity<-case nmod
so<-dep advmod
successful<-dep cop nsubj advmod mark
devastation<-case advmod det nmod
enhance<-advmod nmod
distribution<-amod
torture<-cc aux conj nsubj
Pepper<-case cc conj nmod
juror<-det nmod
weariness<-cc conj det nmod
be<-expl advcl nsubj advmod mark
removal<-dep cop nsubj
do<-nsubj dobj nmod advmod mark
yield<-dep cop det nmod amod
handle<-dep nsubj advmod dobj mark
0.8<-advmod
shortage<-compound
Tire<-cc conj advmod compound
leader<-case acl:relcl amod
asset<-acl:relcl nmod:poss
end<-nsubj neg nmod compound:prt advcl aux mark
policy<-compound det acl:relcl amod
here<-acl:relcl
action<-det compound
resume<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod mark
view<-advcl nsubj
activist<-det amod
vote<-case dep det compound
necessary<-aux cop nsubj
signal<-dep acl:relcl nmod:poss amod
non-violent<-cc conj
live<-advmod mark
lesson<-dep
full<-nsubj
incense<-case
stop<-aux dobj neg nsubj
airport<-compound nmod:poss nmod amod
monitor<-dep cop nsubj
unscathed<-advmod
american<-advmod dobj
estimate<-case det nmod compound
security<-dep nummod amod
lender<-amod
open<-xcomp nsubj
hold<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
stand<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
drift<-nmod
save<-dep aux nsubj neg
introduce<-nsubj dep neg nmod dobj cc advcl aux conj
feature<-nmod amod
requests.this<-compound
simultaneously<-advmod
ship<-nummod compound nmod:poss amod
produce<-aux nsubj advmod dobj
subject<-case nmod:poss
Coors<-dep compound
look<-parataxis cop nsubj dep nmod mark
Cos.<-case compound
pencil<-case det amod
culture<-case cc conj compound
include<-parataxis ccomp
tie<-compound:prt nmod dobj
claim<-dep nmod nsubj
partner<-case compound det nmod amod
destroy<-cc conj compound
shot<-nmod compound
slog<-nmod mark
consideration<-case nmod
transform<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
scramble<-case nmod
holding<-nsubj nmod mark
corporation<-nmod
overturn<-ccomp mark
satisfaction<-nmod
Chivas<-case
product<-det compound
high<-cop advmod nmod dobj
tb<-aux nmod nsubj
research<-det nmod
study<-cop nsubj cc det amod acl:relcl conj
hallway<-case det
supplier<-case nmod
Ocean<-compound
reputation<-nmod:poss amod
simmer<-cop nmod
U.S.<-case cc conj det nmod
3.29<-dep
client<-case nmod compound
subvert<-advmod dobj nsubj
position<-advcl aux amod nmod nsubj
rate<-acl:relcl
negotiation<-case nmod:poss nmod compound
assemble<-dobj nmod mark
move<-advcl advmod nmod mark
summon<-nmod dobj
month<-case dep nmod
favorable<-cop advmod ccomp nsubj
direction<-case nmod
believer<-det amod
refinancing<-dep det
licens<-xcomp nsubj
demographic<-case nmod:poss amod
feat<-cop det mark csubj det:predet aux
compacted<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass mark
and<-dep advmod nmod
stimulate<-dobj nmod mark
apply<-xcomp advmod
lead<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
crunch<-case det nmod compound
expand<-dep advmod mark
saucer<-advmod
trade<-case nummod amod compound
firm<-case acl:relcl
lot<-cop det nmod acl:relcl expl aux
pragmatist<-cop det nsubj
Anderson<-cc conj compound
gala<-acl:relcl det compound
pasha<-case nmod amod
himself<-case nmod
trade<-dep cop advmod nsubj
find<-xcomp nsubj advcl
China<-cc conj cc:preconj
rupture<-det nmod compound
trade<-aux cop nsubj nmod:tmod mark
address<-dobj ccomp nsubj
audit<-case nmod:poss amod
decline<-nummod
collegial<-advmod
formulum<-case det amod
lump<-case det compound
alley<-cc conj compound
Land<-case
couple<-dep nmod
investor<-case dep compound amod
desperately<-nmod:npmod
command<-nmod nsubj
steeply<-advmod
react<-nsubj ccomp nmod mark
expand<-nmod
Broker<-appos compound
eat<-nsubj cc neg advmod nmod aux
compliance<-dep
manage<-nsubj nmod ccomp
bring<-dep nmod
expand<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
enough<-cc aux cop neg nsubj
Bias<-case
marginal<-cop advmod nsubj
hundred<-case nmod
reversal<-case det amod
Magnin<-case cc conj compound
professionally<-cc dep conj
design<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
indicate<-dobj nmod nsubj
fall<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
contractor<-case dep conj det cc
spinoff<-det
361/2<-dep nmod compound
submit<-nsubj cc neg dobj advcl aux conj
lie<-cc conj dobj nmod mark
german<-xcomp
bill<-det acl
get<-cc xcomp advmod nmod nsubj
skill<-det nmod amod
supersede<-xcomp nsubj mark
step<-advmod
better<-cop nsubj
revive<-dobj
division<-case compound nmod:poss amod
consider<-aux advcl dobj
exchange<-case det acl
Denver<-case
hate<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
strategy<-acl:relcl det
he<-case advmod
peck<-det nmod compound
Bernstein<-appos compound
undervalue<-advmod
something<-det nmod compound
consolidate<-dobj mark
effect<-cop amod det mark
speculation<-cop
trader<-case nummod acl:relcl compound
convert<-auxpass compound:prt nmod mark
Oranjemund<-case dep
perfect<-dep aux cop nmod nsubj
sun<-det
carry<-aux nmod dobj
load.in<-nmod:poss compound
stop<-nmod mark
Corp.<-appos acl:relcl compound
Valley<-case appos det
hum<-compound:prt advmod mark
even<-dep neg
model<-nummod
liquor<-case cc conj
move<-dep det nmod
issue<-case cc conj det nmod
fall<-cc advmod nmod nsubj
meaning<-xcomp
government<-acl det compound
doubtful<-cop
forest<-case nmod:poss amod
use<-dep nsubj nmod:tmod dobj
course<-case cop nsubj cc nmod amod conj
call<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
Carolinas<-case det
shop<-cc conj det nmod compound
10/32<-cc conj advmod
97.275<-case
buyer<-acl:relcl amod
operate<-advcl nsubj
trail<-aux dobj nsubj
counterbidder<-case nmod amod
hiker<-case
Nov.<-cop nummod
tourist<-cc conj compound
class<-cc conj appos
(<-xcomp nsubj
slump<-xcomp nsubj nmod:tmod nmod dobj aux
autonomy<-cc conj
unfortunate<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
put<-case cc conj det
know<-dobj advmod nsubj
direct<-aux cop nmod nsubj
division<-appos compound nmod:poss amod
ban<-nmod
maintain<-aux advmod dobj
react<-xcomp nsubj mark
whereabouts<-det nmod
chance<-cop advmod det acl:relcl amod
consistent<-xcomp cop nmod
combine<-case nummod nmod
diplomacy<-compound
Board<-cop det nmod
able<-xcomp cop nsubj dep mark aux
garden<-case acl:relcl det amod
uptick<-det nmod
oversell<-cc cop conj nsubj
begin<-cc conj advcl nmod nsubj
Street<-case acl:relcl compound
powerhouse<-case amod
birthday<-det nmod
headway<-det
probe<-det nmod
canal.in<-case dep det
promote<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj
due<-nmod:npmod
love<-advmod ccomp
thrift<-dep nmod:poss amod
create<-dep advcl dobj nsubj
fragility<-appos amod
47.50<-case dep
Bloedel<-compound
137.20<-case dep
supporter<-case appos compound
volume<-nmod amod
float<-dep nmod dobj
screen<-case acl det amod
assume<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
intellectual<-dep appos det nmod amod compound
vest<-amod
pilot<-neg det
team<-case dep nummod det compound
commitment<-compound nmod:poss det:predet
guarantee<-case dep
imply<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
perhaps<-dep nsubj
coal<-cc conj nmod:poss
accord<-case dep acl det amod
imminent<-cop nsubj
billion.the<-compound
act<-dep det amod
ground<-dobj nmod mark
native<-cc conj
Bronner<-compound
list<-case det nmod compound
c<-dep det
school<-case cc conj advmod amod
head<-nsubj mark
New<-case dep conj det cc
carpeting<-case det
Protocol<-case det compound
floor<-case cc conj det amod
us<-case
trader<-nummod compound
exposure<-nummod det
revive<-aux nsubj mark
sell<-aux advmod nmod mark
letter<-acl:relcl nmod amod
sell<-cc conj dobj
cemetery<-amod
settle<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
2.40<-dep
report<-ccomp nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
pill<-cc conj compound det amod
slowdown<-dep det
once<-dep advmod
polyp<-case cc conj det
Cunin<-case compound
smaller<-case appos
profitable<-nmod
legitimacy<-case det nmod
revision<-case
buy<-dep nmod dobj
Eastern<-case cc conj
find<-cc conj ccomp mark
afford<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
climb<-cop
exceed<-nsubj dobj nmod advmod mark
professor<-compound det nmod amod
able<-xcomp cop nsubj advmod mark aux
join<-aux nmod nsubj
capture<-aux ccomp nmod nsubj
conference<-case
acquisition<-case nmod:poss amod
article<-case nummod compound
commit<-aux dobj nsubj
Boulder<-dep
gang<-det compound
visitor<-det nmod
rhythm<-nmod:poss amod
voucher<-cc conj compound amod
definition<-amod
player<-cop nsubj det nmod amod acl:relcl
owe<-auxpass nmod
group<-acl:relcl amod
family<-case det nmod acl
bottom<-cc auxpass conj compound:prt
construct<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
back-up<-nmod compound
price<-cop amod
plunge<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
spread<-cc auxpass conj nmod
encouragement<-neg
killing<-advmod det amod
entity<-case acl:relcl det amod
shape<-advmod dobj nsubj
bite<-case cc conj amod
Feb.<-cc nummod conj
password<-acl:relcl amod
point<-case appos det compound
step<-det nmod
seek<-xcomp nsubj cc advcl aux conj
come<-advmod compound:prt nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
employment<-case
greedy<-case cc conj
back<-aux dobj nmod compound:prt
have<-cc aux dobj neg nsubj
Blumenfeld<-dep compound
shift<-cc case det nmod
holding<-dep nsubj nmod mark
goal<-nmod:poss compound
file<-aux compound:prt dobj nsubj
mate<-amod
sense<-det
shift<-nummod amod
holding<-case nmod:poss
growth<-nummod det
dig<-case compound nmod:poss amod
hold<-cop nsubj cc nmod mark conj
protect<-cc
question<-dep
sentiment<-amod
Park<-case cop cc advmod amod compound conj ccomp
performer<-det
horn<-case det nmod
purge<-advmod dobj nsubj
jump<-xcomp ccomp nsubj
rank<-det compound
medication<-case
throw<-nsubj dobj advmod advcl
Oil<-compound
sort<-cop advmod det nmod acl
conservative<-dep
standard<-compound det amod
back<-nsubj advmod ccomp
surplus<-case det nmod amod
Europeans<-nummod nmod amod
role<-amod det det:predet
divisiveness<-case cc conj det
police<-case appos det nmod compound
counsel<-case nmod:poss compound
reserve<-acl:relcl nmod:poss amod
felony<-case det
reformer<-cop det amod
steak<-case compound
regulate<-dobj nsubj
listen<-nsubj cc nmod advcl aux conj
divest<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
cheer<-aux advmod cop neg nsubj
good-natured<-aux cop nsubj
GDR<-case det
reversal<-det nmod
achieve<-aux advmod nsubj
widely<-cop ccomp
renegotiate<-aux dobj
corn<-dep amod
974/32<-case aux cop advmod nsubj
take<-nsubj dobj nmod advmod mark
Noriega<-compound det amod
track<-dobj nmod mark
form<-case cop nsubj det nmod aux
small<-cop advmod ccomp
transaction<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
witness<-det acl
Coniston<-case
chastise<-ccomp nsubj
Bank<-dep det nmod
toxin<-case acl:relcl det compound
critic<-amod
legislation<-case nmod compound
call<-xcomp aux compound:prt nmod nsubj
Continental<-case
hate<-dobj nsubj
list<-nmod:poss nmod
ground<-dep cop det compound:prt
soybean<-compound
scowl<-cc conj
adjust<-aux nmod ccomp
longer<-dep cop advmod neg nsubj
compose<-dep cop advmod nmod nsubj
factor<-aux nmod neg nsubj
cadillac<-case acl:relcl det amod
buyer<-cop det nmod amod compound mark
school<-case
studio<-dep amod
good<-dep cop advmod nsubj
difficult<-xcomp
sign<-aux nsubj compound:prt mark
grip<-advcl nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
will<-advcl nsubj
choice<-case nmod
warehouse<-case compound
explode<-advmod nmod nsubj
sector<-case compound nmod:poss amod
death<-case cc conj nmod:poss
british<-ccomp
brainchild<-dobj nmod nsubj
wish<-dobj iobj nsubj
job<-advmod
jump.PNC<-dep det amod
come<-xcomp nmod nsubj
repeater<-nmod compound
chatter<-amod
they<-dep cop xcomp case nsubj
stem<-nsubj ccomp nmod mark
lack<-nsubj nmod advmod advcl
loss<-amod acl compound
best<-advmod det nmod
retailer<-case nmod amod
be<-dep parataxis ccomp
priority<-det nmod amod
regain<-ccomp mark
experience<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
busily<-auxpass nsubjpass ccomp
distract<-nmod nsubj
Alcoa<-case
flow<-det compound
fit<-nmod mark
prosper<-advcl aux nsubj advmod mark
call<-nmod dobj
cost-cutting<-case
stock<-case dep
purchase<-case det compound
occur<-advmod nsubj nmod mark
deal<-nmod nsubj
allege<-dobj
appearance<-cop acl:relcl det nmod nsubj
reach<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
disagree<-advmod nsubj
fortunately<-dep
zombie<-case det amod
wake<-case cc conj det nmod
undercurrent<-cop det nmod
reach<-dep nmod dobj
older<-advmod
substantial<-dep cop advmod nmod nsubj
overture<-compound
fact<-amod
fail<-case
reflect<-aux nmod dobj
rate<-case
smell<-det nmod
dress<-nmod
broker<-case compound acl:relcl amod
improve<-dep dobj
Representatives.Now<-case
lag<-case nmod:poss compound
pigment<-det
target<-case det nmod amod
aging<-cop det nmod
pool<-cc det ccomp
shortage<-cop advmod acl nmod neg
debt<-case acl:relcl det
file<-advmod ccomp nsubj
veto<-case nmod:poss
trail<-case nmod:poss nmod
invite<-xcomp dobj
research<-det
operate<-nsubj dobj mark
freely<-advmod
Projects<-acl:relcl compound
pentameter<-case amod
core<-case acl:relcl det
cell<-case det compound
surprise<-advcl aux cop neg nsubj
outsell<-nsubj cc nmod dobj advcl conj mark
deduct<-cc conj dobj nmod mark
stand<-case appos det compound
salary<-nummod
tenure<-case
think<-compound:prt
profess<-xcomp cc conj advmod nsubj
tell<-aux dobj iobj neg nsubj
suitor<-case nummod amod
alternative<-case nmod
join<-aux discourse advcl nsubj
cold<-case det
occur<-aux nmod neg nsubj
development<-cop advmod acl:relcl amod neg
envelope<-dep cop
finance<-advmod dobj
Appeals<-case compound
positioning<-case cc conj nmod:poss nmod
time<-cop advmod det acl nsubj
angry<-parataxis cop nmod nsubj
cite<-advcl aux dobj neg nsubj
comparable<-nmod
interview<-case nmod
some<-cc dep nmod
meet<-xcomp nsubj nmod mark
restrict<-cc conj dobj
reduction<-case
insurance<-dep amod
firm<-nummod advmod acl:relcl
old<-amod
weed<-dep
judge<-nummod det nmod compound
week<-case dep nummod
vie<-aux cop nmod advmod nsubj
month<-case det nmod
PepsiCo<-dep
negotiate<-ccomp nsubj
produce<-advcl nsubj dobj mark
leave<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
transfer<-case compound amod
manage<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
obtain<-ccomp
assess<-aux advmod cop neg nsubj
663/4<-case
notify<-aux advcl nsubj
display<-case acl:relcl det nmod amod
debate<-auxpass dobj nsubjpass mark
pose<-advcl dobj mark
effect<-case cop nsubj cc nmod ccomp
hang<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
show<-cop det nmod amod
premiere<-case compound amod
Stanza<-det amod
Midwest<-case advmod det nmod
bureaucracy<-amod
investor<-det nmod amod
company<-nmod:poss amod
leave<-det amod
have<-xcomp aux
reduce<-cc aux conj nsubj
costs.but<-dep dobj nsubj
million<-dep cop advmod compound
bill<-case cc conj det
headache<-dep cop det nmod advcl
identify<-cop neg
guide<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
unavailable<-cc cop conj
say<-aux mark
request<-case dep compound
move<-xcomp advmod nmod mark
inflammatory<-advmod nmod
thrive<-auxpass nsubjpass mark
pay<-cc conj compound:prt dobj nsubj
interstate<-case cc conj det
quintuple<-advmod
weapon<-nmod amod
biker<-dep det
quote<-cc advmod nmod auxpass nsubjpass advcl conj
way<-acl amod
establish<-case cc conj nmod nsubj
leader<-cop nummod nmod nsubj
software<-cc conj amod
need<-cc neg dep nsubj
Bofors<-det compound
attribute<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
year.now<-det
watch<-aux nsubj dobj advmod mark
amount<-acl det amod
Group<-det compound
criterion<-compound det amod
financing<-advcl nmod dobj
show<-nsubj neg nmod dobj advcl aux
brigade<-cc conj
president<-case acl:relcl det
constitution<-case compound det amod
price<-case det nmod acl
violent<-cc cop conj nmod nsubj
Civic<-case cc conj det compound
can<-nsubj dobj
position<-dep
hedge<-dep nmod amod
express<-nsubj dobj ccomp
jump<-compound
make<-parataxis nsubj cc compound:prt conj dobj
openness<-nmod:poss amod
remember<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
plea<-det amod
)<-case cc conj compound amod
desire<-cc neg dep conj acl
detect<-advmod dobj
outside<-case det
1989<-case dep amod
dawn<-case nmod
cry<-nmod advcl
style<-cop cc advmod det amod conj
benefit<-xcomp nsubj dobj mark
opulent<-advmod
abandon<-nmod
boat<-compound amod
action<-det nmod amod
around.they<-det
dropout<-nummod appos compound
pawn<-cop ccomp amod
make<-xcomp nmod mark
warily<-mark
hotel<-dep det nmod
giveback<-case
omnibus<-case acl:relcl det
limit<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj conj
allegation<-appos det
experiment<-nmod amod
pay<-cc conj nmod compound:prt
version<-nmod
Corp.<-advmod compound
good<-dep cop nsubj
richer<-nmod:npmod
interested<-aux compound:prt ccomp nsubj
depend<-nmod dobj
low<-dep nmod
bargain<-det
gainer<-dep amod
box<-case det
waive<-auxpass
report<-advcl ccomp nsubj
learn<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
log-roll<-dep advmod
inclination<-neg acl
85<-ccomp nsubj
get<-cc ccomp
midst<-case cop det nmod
aid<-det
title<-acl:relcl
step<-compound:prt nmod mark
aid<-dep
Street<-case amod compound
Brothers<-acl:relcl compound
do<-dobj csubj mark
commitment<-case det amod
19<-advmod nmod
Volokh<-dep compound
town<-det nmod amod
reduce<-cc dobj
U.S.<-cop appos det nsubj
antisocial<-cop advmod nmod
Kia<-appos
give<-dep aux ccomp nsubj
Engelken<-case compound
ally<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
Swiss<-case det
go<-aux nsubj dobj mark
blink<-det amod
bull<-nmod
pair<-compound det nmod amod
deposit<-ccomp
consequence<-case det nmod
expect<-dep aux
clear<-nmod dobj
no-no<-cop advmod det nmod mark
priority<-cop det nmod
{<-case det nmod amod
Inc<-case acl:relcl compound
reservation<-compound
underwrite<-dobj nmod mark
call<-cc aux conj ccomp nsubj
close<-case nmod:poss nmod
suspension<-case nmod
specific<-case compound
take<-advcl dobj compound:prt
journal<-det amod
junk<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj
much<-cc cop conj advmod nmod
chief<-dep appos nmod
hurt<-auxpass mark
bear<-cc cop conj nsubj
bow<-nmod compound
fascinating<-cop
ask<-advcl dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
monitor<-nmod
(<-advmod dobj
two<-appos det
offer<-dep det nmod amod
coordinate<-aux nmod nsubj
fact<-case cc conj det det:predet
finish<-nsubj cc advmod nmod ccomp conj
image<-det nmod amod
Houston-Montgomery<-compound
Comex<-det nmod
Traub<-compound
do<-cc neg ccomp nsubj
long<-cop advmod nmod
mistake<-aux cop det acl nsubj
end<-dobj ccomp mark
substance<-case amod
ground-based<-cc conj
basket<-compound det amod
name<-case compound amod
Ruth<-nmod
uncertainty<-cc conj
quarter<-cop det nmod amod
smidgin<-det nmod amod
hall<-det nmod amod
move<-nmod:poss nmod
artery<-case det amod
paint<-case
reply<-parataxis nsubj
Moines<-case compound
ruble<-nummod advmod
contract<-case compound nmod amod
put<-dobj iobj nmod nsubj
black<-xcomp nsubj
front<-case det compound
lender<-appos nmod:poss amod
bond<-case compound nmod amod
age<-advmod nmod nsubj
extradite<-aux cop nsubj mark
English<-case
Jon<-case det amod
reason<-nummod nmod
California<-appos
do<-cc aux conj advmod nmod
morning<-det nmod amod
wealth<-det nmod amod
cost<-aux dobj iobj advcl nsubj
product<-cop nsubj cc advmod det nmod
confirm<-nsubj cc neg dobj aux conj
plummet<-dep nmod:tmod nsubj
staunch<-advmod
Ishiguro<-compound
committe<-compound det nmod amod
amend<-xcomp advmod dobj nsubj
example<-nmod
Thacher<-case cc conj compound
fire<-case cop advmod nsubj
inquisition<-case advmod det compound
have<-cc ccomp dobj
masonry<-case
headquarters<-cc det nmod compound
schedule<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass mark
mind<-det
game<-case nmod:poss compound
undercut<-advcl dobj nsubj
dealer<-amod
epo<-case
Gruberova<-case compound
know<-cc aux dobj neg nsubj
specialist<-cc conj
pay<-advmod
103<-case dep advmod nmod
assist<-nmod mark
responsible<-cop nsubj nmod mark
carry<-nsubj ccomp
observation<-case nmod:poss
%<-cop dep nmod cc compound conj
owner<-case det amod
role<-case nmod:poss nmod
Concord<-dep nsubj
have<-xcomp nsubj ccomp advcl
boycott<-cop nmod nsubj
disappearance<-det amod
name<-compound
recommendation<-case dep det nmod amod compound
rebut<-dobj advmod mark
remain<-xcomp nsubj advcl
become<-xcomp aux advcl ccomp nsubj
degree<-case det compound
then<-case appos
40<-dep nmod compound
home<-case appos
gem<-cc conj det
startup<-cc conj amod
clue<-amod
dish<-dobj compound:prt nmod mark
Corry<-acl compound
manager<-cop nmod nsubj
franc<-nummod acl
time<-neg acl
France<-cc conj compound
half?or<-case det amod
grant<-case compound
drain<-dep cop det amod
associate<-advmod nmod
beat<-case advmod dobj
Products<-nmod compound
society<-case acl
reflect<-aux advmod dobj
everything<-cop acl:relcl
listing<-nmod
senator<-dep
issue<-cop amod det nmod nsubj
Telecommunications<-case cc conj det compound
close<-cop nsubj cc advmod nmod mark conj
round<-det nmod
development<-case cc conj compound
third<-case cc conj cc:preconj det
fundamental<-nmod:poss amod
retry<-neg dobj mark
take<-cc neg conj advmod advcl
Creek<-case dep compound
impact<-case det nmod compound
9710/32<-case cop advmod
go<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
one<-cop advcl
battle<-compound:prt ccomp nsubj
f16<-cc conj nmod:poss amod
contractor<-case acl nmod amod
more<-dep cop nsubj mark
murder<-dep advmod
worker<-dep nummod
some<-acl
family<-case compound det nmod det:predet
scoff<-ccomp nmod nsubj
calmness<-cop det nmod
go<-case
preparation<-case dep det
takeover<-case det compound
personnel<-neg
pressure<-case aux cop xcomp nsubj
mainframe<-nummod
Gates<-acl:relcl compound
man<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
option<-det nmod
cage<-case compound det amod
call<-cc nsubj dobj advcl
decline<-compound advmod det amod
deflect<-compound:prt nmod dobj
creative<-cop mark
453.05<-case
jeopardize<-nsubj dobj mark
recombination<-advmod acl
shopper<-nmod
morning<-nummod compound amod
extract<-dep aux dobj nsubj
advice<-case acl:relcl amod
offer<-cc conj nsubj dobj mark
increase<-case det acl
retrenchment<-nmod amod
benefit<-case appos det nmod
Clanahan<-compound
dancing<-nmod:poss
judge<-nummod det
claim<-nmod nsubj
child<-cop amod det nmod nsubj
takeover<-nmod:poss nmod
thrash<-advcl compound:prt mark
shake<-advcl dobj iobj nsubj
shore<-case det nmod
cost<-compound acl:relcl amod
lawyer<-case nummod
increase<-cop nsubj nmod mark
prefer<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
Loews<-appos
Beairsto<-nmod compound
means<-case amod acl compound
decision<-case nmod:poss compound
prohibit<-aux nmod nsubj
generous<-cop advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
Industries<-case nmod:poss compound
ignore<-nsubj cc advmod dobj aux conj
advertise<-advcl advmod nsubj
glasnost<-case dep advmod
continue<-cc conj nmod dobj
convict<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
marketer<-det amod
Boston<-nmod compound
grab<-cc conj nmod dobj
record<-cop det nmod nsubj
appoint<-aux dobj nsubj
call<-cop nsubj det amod mark
listener<-advcl nsubj
holder<-compound amod
pick<-det nmod
restatement<-nmod
pursuit<-case acl:relcl
carry<-dobj compound:prt mark
mention<-auxpass nmod
let<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
entertainer<-cc conj amod
fall<-nsubj nmod dobj
U.S.<-case dep conj det cc
shoot<-nmod compound
Goodrich<-case
Sarney<-compound
arrest<-nsubj ccomp mark
Canal<-det compound
blending<-cc conj det compound
lean<-advmod nsubj
)<-case nummod nmod amod
outlay<-compound det amod
Protection<-case compound
goods<-case dep nmod:poss
wrest<-dobj nmod mark
regulator<-case nmod
engineer<-case det
crate<-det
69<-case
Pao<-case det
speculate<-nmod mark
sell<-aux ccomp nsubj
corporation<-amod
spot<-det amod
circumspect<-dep cop advmod nmod mark
save<-nsubj neg dobj iobj aux mark
meeting<-dobj nmod mark
ridiculed.instead<-advmod
niche<-dep compound
competitor<-appos nmod:poss nmod
downsize<-cc conj nmod dobj
judge<-nmod ccomp
assume<-ccomp csubj nsubj
800<-cc conj nmod amod
woman<-case nmod amod
sale<-cc conj det nmod
Kolber<-compound
researcher<-nummod
final<-case det
worry<-cop nsubj appos advmod det nmod amod
block<-case det compound
Atlanta<-case dep
Games<-det compound
43.50<-dep acl:relcl nmod
time<-cop acl:relcl
monitor<-dep nsubj nmod dobj
head<-cop advmod nsubj
hard<-nmod
drop<-ccomp nmod dobj
III<-case nmod compound
daily<-cc conj compound
difficult<-aux cop nsubj
year<-parataxis det expl
determine<-aux neg nsubj
selling<-case det
unveil<-dobj nmod mark
437/8<-dep compound
chip<-case nmod amod
theory<-case det nmod
receive<-nsubj ccomp advcl
president<-compound
cost<-nsubj iobj dobj nmod mark
debacle<-case dep det compound
jamboree<-det
ban<-nsubj advcl dobj nmod mark
politician<-cop det nmod nsubj
twenty-one<-dep nmod
depend<-advcl
neighborhood<-case det amod
guideline<-compound
wholesale<-advmod
Play<-dep compound det amod
salvage<-dobj mark
important<-cop advmod nmod
seniority<-det nmod
poorest<-case det nmod
crush<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
lead<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
question<-nsubj dobj mark
tally<-cop nsubj det amod acl:relcl aux mark
power<-cc conj nmod amod
drawback<-auxpass advmod
term<-det amod
hole<-auxpass nmod:tmod nmod compound:prt
heave<-dep cop nmod nsubj
case<-case appos amod
enormous<-advmod
bill<-advmod det
short<-det nmod
Jelenic<-compound
sweep<-det compound
position<-cc conj nmod:poss
decline<-case cop det
reding<-cc conj nmod
pull<-case nmod dobj
discount<-cc conj nmod:poss
missile<-case det
unclear<-cop advmod ccomp
deal<-amod nmod nsubj
supplier<-dep amod
feel<-dobj mark
miracle<-case det nmod amod
backlog<-det nmod
signal<-compound det nmod amod
company<-case cc cc:preconj det
service<-case dep compound
strike<-nummod det appos
gain<-appos det
leader<-amod det compound
lay<-compound:prt nmod dobj
say<-case det nmod amod
world-wide<-nmod:npmod nmod
have<-aux advmod ccomp advcl nsubj
exist<-dep
style<-acl:relcl det amod
member<-case dep conj cc
modify<-auxpass
diversion<-det nmod amod
ride<-det nmod amod
matter<-xcomp nsubj cc neg aux conj
studio<-nummod amod
player<-cop amod det nmod nsubj
$<-nmod:npmod dep nummod conj cc
rumble<-dobj nmod nsubj
next<-dep acl:relcl
reduction<-amod
expect<-xcomp aux advmod nmod nsubj
assume<-nmod ccomp
place<-advcl dobj nmod mark
flirt<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
see<-nsubj cc neg advmod dobj aux conj
take<-aux advcl nmod:tmod nsubj
double<-dep
commit<-dobj nsubj
action<-case det compound
battery<-amod
draw<-nmod nsubj
Boren<-appos compound
team<-acl amod
coaster<-case cop det compound
parcel<-det amod
squeeze<-xcomp cop advmod nmod
do<-nsubj dobj ccomp mark
wonder<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
Jones<-det compound
crazy<-dep cop
buzzword<-det
use<-cop acl neg
limit<-aux cop expl acl:relcl mark
contribute<-dobj mark
advise<-aux nsubj ccomp mark
promotion<-compound nmod:poss amod
reduction<-nmod compound
player<-compound det acl:relcl amod
outsell<-iobj auxpass nsubjpass nmod dobj
mark<-case dep
dash<-cop acl:relcl
Red<-cc conj
pickup<-det nmod
charge<-nummod amod
commodity<-case nmod:poss amod
sleep<-acl:relcl det
seat<-det amod
pile<-cop det nmod
confusion<-det nmod amod
year<-case cc conj det amod
sound<-case acl:relcl det amod
make<-xcomp aux conj cc
context<-case det nmod
Galileo<-dep acl:relcl
hard<-xcomp cop nmod nsubj
limit<-cc cop conj nmod nsubj
snag<-auxpass nmod
impersonation<-det nmod
result<-parataxis det
mark<-cop nsubj cc advmod nmod compound conj
see<-aux ccomp neg nmod nsubj
town<-case nmod amod
force<-aux cop acl nsubj
boom<-neg appos amod
run<-advmod advcl
count<-aux nmod cop
swing<-det nmod amod
cripple-maker<-det
divorce<-cc conj advmod dobj
goal<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
pool<-nsubj nmod dobj
contract<-xcomp nsubj nmod advmod mark
realize<-dobj nsubj
report<-advmod dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
wear<-advmod compound:prt nsubj
observer<-det compound
vision<-advmod nmod:poss nmod amod
cent<-acl:relcl nmod
hire<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
j<-cc nummod det conj amod
export<-det nmod
commend<-xcomp mark
nation<-case appos det
flight<-case cc conj
suspend<-nmod
restricted<-auxpass nmod
less<-cop ccomp nsubj
elaborate<-mark
consider<-xcomp aux nsubj
come<-cc conj
Lang<-nmod compound
score<-det amod
chief<-dep
time<-cop acl det amod
39,400<-dep
Cabrera<-compound det amod
quartet<-compound
appear<-xcomp advmod nsubj nmod mark
rise<-advcl nsubj dobj nmod mark
article<-case compound det amod
9,756<-dep
offer<-case compound det nmod amod
system<-nmod
save<-advcl dobj iobj mark
happiness.the<-amod
half<-cc advmod
obtain<-cc conj dobj mark
importance<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
drive<-case nummod det compound
bury<-parataxis dep advmod nmod auxpass nsubjpass
drop<-cc conj nmod nsubj
show<-cc conj dobj advmod nsubj
influence<-xcomp nmod nsubj
news<-amod
play<-dep dobj nmod mark
request<-amod
action<-case compound amod
blindly<-advmod
170<-case advmod
Linda<-case cc conj det
announcer<-det nmod
set<-neg advmod nmod auxpass nsubjpass aux
employee<-case nummod amod
four<-case dep compound
condemn<-dobj mark
right<-det nmod amod
2,000<-case dep conj cc
Inc.<-case advmod nmod compound
have<-xcomp aux advmod ccomp nsubj
recapitalization<-det nmod
dividend<-appos amod det nmod compound
ratio<-det compound
punch<-amod
revive<-xcomp
shootout<-cop det mark
embark<-xcomp aux advcl nsubj
20.42<-case dep
probe<-case appos compound amod
Wathen<-case compound
victory<-cop cc advmod det nmod amod dep
blink<-cc advcl nsubj
close<-cc cop conj nsubj dobj
come<-nsubj advmod nmod compound:prt aux mark
bet<-case det nmod amod
more<-case nmod
kill<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
add<-dep dobj
mail<-compound
pull<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
industrialist<-det
for<-cop nsubj ccomp mark
understaff<-appos amod
cite<-nsubj dobj mark
part<-case cop dep det amod cc conj
earnings<-cc conj
turn<-cc nmod compound:prt mark conj dobj
application<-det nmod
York<-appos compound
make<-xcomp nsubj advcl mark
possible<-xcomp cop nsubj advmod advcl
calculation<-case cc conj compound amod
late<-dep advmod
CIA<-cc conj det nmod
attack<-advmod amod
standard<-case cc conj amod
mr.lortie<-xcomp
earnings<-cc conj det nmod compound
keep<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
bad<-cop advmod nmod neg
insure<-cop mark
cut<-nsubj advmod dobj advcl aux mark
Board<-acl det compound
offend<-xcomp mark
maintain<-aux ccomp nmod nsubj
income<-advmod nmod amod
Fox<-dep
solution.but<-nsubj ccomp mark
roll<-advmod dobj nmod compound:prt
Midler<-compound
Scowcroft<-compound
change<-aux advmod iobj dobj
sentence<-nmod:poss compound
Lasker<-compound
vacate<-nmod compound
african<-advmod
district<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss amod
planning<-compound
OAS<-case det
generate<-cc conj dobj nmod mark
ban<-aux dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
remember<-dobj mark
tie<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
critic<-case
renovate<-cc dep dobj
plant<-acl:relcl det amod
structure<-dep compound
activity<-case
select<-advcl nsubj
Marous<-compound
premium<-compound acl amod
take<-xcomp aux nmod
spending<-nmod compound
daily<-appos
tank<-case nmod:poss compound
translation<-dep det compound
Graphics<-appos advmod compound
resell<-dobj nmod nsubj
comedy<-amod
Achenbaum<-appos amod compound
boost<-dep aux dobj nmod nsubj
face<-advmod dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
stock<-cop compound det amod
150<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
latch<-nsubj advmod nmod mark
story<-case compound
first<-cop nsubj cc advmod dep conj
intermediary<-case
sad<-xcomp aux cop nmod nsubj
Natick<-dep
use<-aux advcl nmod dobj
institutions.most<-case nmod:poss amod
loan<-acl det compound
opportunity<-case dep
chew<-nmod mark
anxious<-xcomp cop advmod ccomp
opportunity<-case det
lose<-nmod
Protestants<-case compound
show<-case det nmod amod
disbursement<-amod
concept<-det
lottery<-case
financing<-nmod
mess<-acl:relcl det nmod compound
authority<-nmod amod
incorporate<-nmod
fit<-cop amod det mark
guarantee<-cop nmod compound
stand<-cop advmod nmod
charge<-nmod:poss amod
issue<-advmod ccomp
difficult<-aux cop nsubj advcl mark
adaptable<-nmod
drive<-cop nmod
describe<-nsubj ccomp mark
take<-aux compound:prt nmod mark
blunt<-aux advmod dobj advcl nsubj
Stuecker<-amod compound
thing<-cop det nmod amod
attitude<-dep nmod:poss
contact<-nmod
capitalistic<-aux cop advcl nsubj
manager<-case compound acl:relcl amod
10<-case det amod
collectivizer<-det
dispatch<-dobj mark
policy<-dep amod nmod mark
taxpayer<-nmod amod
pit<-case compound nmod amod
car<-nummod compound
disclose<-aux neg
share<-appos det nmod
argument<-case amod
journey<-acl det amod
1,977<-dep nmod dobj
get<-nsubj neg nmod dobj aux mark
high<-aux cop nsubj mark
leisure<-cc conj compound
strong<-cop nsubj
still<-ccomp
store<-case compound
move<-advmod nmod
chairman<-parataxis nmod amod
cite<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
premier<-case det amod
prefer<-case cc conj compound
total<-dep appos compound
stigma<-neg
import<-cc conj dobj mark
reduce<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
pig<-cop det nmod acl compound mark
conference<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
question<-nmod mark
approve<-nsubj ccomp mark
encourage<-advmod dobj mark
debt<-dep nsubj
viability<-case nmod:poss
prosecution<-case
Skies<-case det compound
insist<-dep iobj dobj
9729/32<-case
publisher<-dep nmod
45<-case dep
walloping<-det amod
hire<-ccomp
another<-acl
convince<-aux ccomp dobj
establish<-ccomp
Colombia<-dep advmod
contract<-cop nmod:poss nmod
undercut<-dep aux advmod dobj nsubj
overbuilt<-advmod
commentary<-compound amod nmod nsubj
wrap<-nmod compound:prt
hungry<-xcomp cop nsubj mark
ability<-dep det
compensation<-dep amod
deny<-dep dobj nsubj
perform<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
network<-nmod:poss compound
design<-nmod nsubj
list<-advmod nmod
room<-cc nummod conj
relative<-acl det amod
fit<-advcl nmod:tmod advmod compound:prt
experience<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
saint<-case
use<-dep dobj mark
cycle<-case det compound
regain<-xcomp
detector<-cc conj compound amod
wife<-nmod compound
contract<-case advmod
Rim<-case cc conj compound amod
rise<-cc conj det nmod
colleague<-xcomp
currency<-nmod:poss
blast<-nmod compound:prt
come<-nmod:tmod advcl
intuition<-cc conj acl:relcl det
status<-cop nsubj cc amod compound conj
%<-case cc nummod advmod conj
sportswear<-case cop nsubj appos ccomp amod mark
select<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
Intermediate<-appos compound
gambler<-det amod
salesman<-det
pullback<-nmod:poss
defer<-nmod:tmod dobj
subject<-aux cop nsubj nmod mark
decide<-nsubj dobj
insurance<-case amod
pesticide<-case amod
can<-amod
come<-compound:prt nmod:tmod nmod mark
459.93<-case
II<-case cc conj nmod compound
claim<-cc conj dobj nsubj
store<-dobj nmod mark
head<-dep nsubj dobj advmod mark
800,000<-dep
pick<-aux advcl nmod:tmod nsubj
trouble<-det nmod amod
package<-dep det
proessional<-det
utopia<-det nmod amod
dividend<-det nmod compound
withdraw<-aux nmod
cd<-compound amod
broaden<-dobj advmod mark
merger<-case appos advmod det
Socialists<-case det
muni<-case det amod
confirm<-auxpass nsubjpass mark
Spanish<-case
board<-case nummod det compound
spendthrift<-det nmod
subject<-xcomp cop
500.20<-case dep
kill<-aux advmod nmod neg
young<-case det
disconnect<-dobj mark
many<-advmod amod
plunge<-nsubj nmod:tmod nmod advcl
stand<-cop nmod mark
deficit<-dep det amod
Shale<-case det compound
Westminister<-compound
90,000<-case dep advmod
Edwards<-cc conj compound
example<-det nmod amod
partner<-case det nmod
offer<-dep compound:prt nmod nsubj
programmer<-cop compound mark
expect<-aux discourse ccomp neg nsubj
1987<-case cc nummod conj
do<-advcl nsubj advmod mark
up<-dep advmod
capitalize<-nmod ccomp
commercial<-nmod:poss
Cavenee<-case compound nmod amod
block<-case advmod dobj
policy.Congress<-compound det amod
stand<-xcomp nmod
headline<-case nmod
lend<-dep advmod dobj
tear<-compound:prt dobj mark
ambiguity<-acl:relcl det
tardy<-cop nsubj cc nmod mark conj
spokesman<-case det amod
go<-nsubj cc neg nmod mark aux conj
base<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
mail<-det
secretary<-advmod amod
operation<-case dep conj cc amod
role<-nmod nsubj
find<-dep nsubj
Americans<-acl:relcl
Kean<-case appos compound
urge<-ccomp mark
Pilson<-det compound
month<-case nummod advmod
see<-dobj advmod mark
we<-dep cop
handicapped<-case det
deck<-case det amod
problem<-nummod amod
intention<-nmod:poss nmod
bearing<-amod
Club<-compound det nmod amod
demonstrate<-dep nsubj dobj mark
rival<-compound
Deaver<-appos compound
equipment<-case nmod compound
resentment<-amod nmod nsubj
simple<-parataxis aux cop nsubj
hope<-aux advmod ccomp nsubj
buy<-aux dobj
past<-case dep amod compound
working<-dobj
smaller<-dep cop nmod
switch<-det nmod
tv<-compound nmod amod
5,700<-dep
basket<-nmod
worker<-case det nmod
library<-det amod
attrition<-case advmod
rip<-auxpass compound:prt
cartel<-compound det amod
crop<-cop acl:relcl det neg nsubj
unraveling<-det nmod
grimace<-dep
Palmer<-case compound
assortment<-det nmod amod
democracy<-case compound
student<-neg acl:relcl
O'Neill<-case appos compound
Brady<-nmod:poss compound
protester<-acl:relcl det
day<-det nmod acl
product<-nmod:poss compound
Johnson<-case cc conj
recall<-det nmod
music<-dep det
Pina<-case compound
caring<-cc conj
payment<-case det amod
logical<-advmod
climb<-ccomp nmod mark
hotel-casino<-case det amod
screen<-case
group<-nummod compound
drop<-aux advcl nmod nsubj
more<-neg nmod
balloting<-det acl
Valentine<-case acl:relcl compound
model<-dep nummod amod
widely<-dep ccomp
segment<-cc nummod conj nmod amod
room<-neg acl amod
grab<-dep nsubj dobj mark
confirmation<-det
building<-case cop nsubj advmod det nmod
over<-cop nsubj nmod mark
Street<-case
sand<-nmod compound
develop<-mark
employee<-case acl
cervical<-cc conj
open<-dep nsubj dobj advcl
franchisee<-det
association<-cc conj
controversy<-det
important<-cc
get<-nsubj nmod dobj mark advcl aux compound:prt
scheme<-case det nmod amod
shady<-advmod
aircraft<-case appos acl:relcl det amod
surprise<-cop advmod det neg nsubj
ship<-case compound
episode<-det compound
Hwang<-appos acl:relcl compound
flag<-nummod compound
expect<-aux dobj nmod neg nsubj
fact-finder<-case det
study<-case compound amod
Group<-cc conj compound
1.875<-dep nmod
argument<-nmod
snoop<-cop nsubj advmod nmod amod aux
cartoon<-nummod nmod compound
lyric<-dep acl:relcl det
rendering<-det nmod amod
royal<-nmod:npmod
play<-cc conj nsubj
player<-det compound
Lingus<-case compound
intensity<-case det nmod
reassume<-dep nsubj dobj nmod mark
perk<-case det
4.50<-dep
(<-nmod:tmod nmod dobj
Goldman<-amod
much<-nmod advcl
must<-nsubj advcl
invest<-advmod nmod
exist<-aux neg nsubj
buy<-cc conj mark
clip<-compound:prt mark
build<-auxpass mark
flag<-case dep det
city<-case cc conj amod
improve<-advmod
amass<-dobj nsubj
withhold<-nmod
beverage<-case amod
expire<-ccomp nsubj
persist<-aux ccomp nsubj
pocket<-xcomp
prediction<-nmod:poss
Rice<-nmod compound
disclose<-cc aux ccomp neg nsubj
increase<-case cc det nmod amod conj
sell<-xcomp nsubj dobj mark
walkie-talkie<-cc conj compound
Container<-case cc conj compound
hurt<-aux nsubj dobj advcl
veteran<-case compound
Atlantic<-case dep det nmod compound
ask<-advmod nmod nsubj
need<-xcomp nsubj nmod mark
lawsuit<-amod
transportation<-nummod advmod
agree<-xcomp aux nsubj advmod advcl
conspiracy<-case det acl
retain<-advmod dobj mark
exchange<-xcomp advmod nsubj
one<-dep neg ccomp
see<-aux advcl
market<-dep compound det amod
easy<-dep cop advcl
depend<-ccomp compound:prt
player<-case nmod
Planners<-case compound
float<-advcl dobj
Klerk<-compound
Gorbachev<-cc conj
Jackson<-cc conj
panel<-case det amod
excuse<-cc nmod:tmod nmod mark auxpass nsubjpass conj
oil<-case dep nmod amod
sink<-nmod amod
Motorola<-cc conj
insurance<-nmod:poss compound
group<-nummod compound amod
news<-appos amod
addition<-det amod
gallstone<-det
snag<-det nmod
forger<-det
use<-advcl aux dobj nmod nsubj
lease<-ccomp nsubj
increase<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
use<-nmod compound:prt
consolidate<-cc conj dobj mark
dance<-neg advcl nmod nsubj
franchiser<-compound
reject<-xcomp nsubj
credit<-case nmod
low<-cop nsubj advmod mark
overpriced<-cop advmod nmod
accelerate<-nmod
number<-cop dobj
worst<-case det
amount<-cc aux nmod nsubj
eager<-ccomp
allegation<-det det:predet
district<-case nmod:poss compound
security<-advmod det nmod compound
clear<-cop neg
municipality<-case acl:relcl
volunteer<-nsubj iobj dobj advcl
stock<-amod compound
recognition<-case det nmod
poll<-nummod appos
president<-cc conj det amod
care<-dep nsubj nmod advmod mark
maximize<-advmod ccomp mark
report<-cc conj nsubj dobj mark
abnormal<-cop
gadget<-nmod
company<-nmod:poss acl
Napa<-dep compound
open<-aux dobj nmod neg nsubj
Co.<-dep acl:relcl compound
client<-dep acl:relcl
generation<-cop amod det nsubj
ultimatum<-parataxis nsubj ccomp mark
tunnel<-case det nmod
subpoena<-dobj nmod mark
group<-nmod compound
higher<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
time<-case acl:relcl compound
eclipse<-auxpass dobj
segregate<-advmod
remind<-ccomp dobj iobj nmod:tmod nsubj
split<-case det
petition<-cc nummod cc:preconj compound conj nmod:poss
sin<-case cc conj
thrift<-dep det
business.meanwhile<-case appos det compound
independence<-dep amod
fan<-compound
guarantee<-cop det neg nmod nsubj
hold<-case nummod det compound
distinction<-cop acl:relcl det
describe<-nmod
news<-dep det
candidate<-compound nmod amod
peninsula<-dep cc det
less<-advmod nmod
expand<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
right<-advmod
bleeding<-case acl:relcl det amod
higher<-cc conj
risk<-case cop nmod
defens<-nmod
sentence<-cc cop conj nmod
heart<-det nmod
question<-case advmod acl:relcl
schedule<-nmod dobj
short<-cc dep advmod
Engineering<-compound
sum<-case det nmod amod
participant<-compound
Fund<-cc appos det compound
longer<-cop nsubj neg mark
flock<-aux auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
sting<-xcomp aux nmod
census<-case nummod det
entitle<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass
1983<-case cc conj
store<-case nummod nmod:poss compound
rule<-appos nmod:poss compound
ride<-case
end<-aux nmod nsubj
important<-xcomp cop
starve<-case compound nmod amod
burn<-dep dobj mark
shop<-case det compound
House<-nummod
finance<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
set<-aux auxpass nsubjpass neg
existence<-det nmod amod
situation<-dep det
appreciate<-ccomp nsubj
seek<-parataxis advcl nsubj dobj mark
423/8<-dep nmod compound
commercial<-case
invest<-nmod compound:prt
analyst<-dep advmod det nmod
water<-case cc conj
setting<-case det nmod amod
open<-aux cop nsubj nmod mark
comment<-aux cop nmod neg nsubj
Alcan<-case
HDM<-compound
count<-aux advcl neg nmod nsubj
surprise<-dep cop nmod nsubj
steel<-cc conj det nmod amod
Ariel<-det compound
impact<-nsubj
Rianta<-advmod compound
consume<-dobj nmod nsubj
persecute<-case det nmod
move<-aux advcl
keep<-nsubj compound:prt nmod mark
frank<-advmod
bond<-nmod:poss compound
version<-cop det nmod compound
team<-compound amod det acl:relcl nsubj
franchiser<-det
meddle<-nsubj ccomp mark
develop<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
part<-case nummod det
suspend<-auxpass nmod
department<-cop compound nmod:poss acl:relcl nsubj
replacement<-cop nmod neg nsubj
remove<-nmod
behavior<-det
bill<-case dep amod
take<-aux dobj nmod neg
mother<-case
punish<-dobj nmod mark
exclude<-dobj mark
approach<-det compound
center<-det nmod amod
zone<-det amod
dealership<-case compound det amod
postpone<-dobj nmod nsubj
supermarket<-case det nmod amod
hire<-ccomp nsubj
misrepresent<-dobj
hers<-xcomp nsubj
point<-cop det nsubj
office<-nmod compound
sick<-nmod nsubj
spokesman<-acl:relcl det compound
1988<-case nmod
capitalization<-case compound amod
business<-cc dep nmod
wisdom<-case det nmod
dentist<-det
Carnival<-nmod
Donuts<-compound
share<-dep acl:relcl
race<-case amod
presentation<-case compound amod
able<-xcomp cop nsubj neg mark aux ccomp
prison<-det nmod amod
bird<-dep det
facility<-case nummod advmod nmod:poss amod
double<-dobj nmod mark
bid<-advcl advmod nmod mark
Nadir<-compound
block<-case cop compound det nsubj
earnings<-cc acl:relcl
employer<-nmod
stick<-aux advcl mark
filing<-dobj mark
tape<-dep amod
poster<-case det nmod amod
weak<-advmod mark
plummet<-cop advcl
delivery<-det compound
build<-dep cop advmod dobj neg
Gate<-case det compound
know<-advcl aux advmod neg nsubj
deposit<-case acl:relcl
time-consuming<-cc cop conj ccomp nsubj
exempt<-nmod
goods<-case nmod compound
government<-neg advmod det amod
injustice<-case nmod
Act<-dep det nmod
inadequate<-cop
unthinkable<-cc conj det
use<-neg
sound<-aux advcl nsubj
c<-auxpass nmod dobj
winter<-det
victim<-cop advmod det
decision<-case amod
restructure<-aux advmod nmod mark
advertiser<-case nmod amod
champion<-det
spirit<-det nmod
begin<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
forty<-nummod nmod
Meredith<-case
grow<-nsubj cc neg advmod compound:prt conj
increase<-nmod mark
naive<-cop nsubj
identity<-advmod det nmod
insure<-cc cop conj nmod nsubj
coordinate<-dobj nmod mark
higher<-cop advmod nmod advcl
student<-case advmod compound
double<-cc conj advmod nmod nsubj
save<-cc aux conj advmod nsubj
smooth<-dobj compound:prt
fail<-xcomp aux nsubj
performance<-case nmod:poss amod
gripe<-parataxis compound amod
redesign<-dobj mark
soar<-dobj
manipulative<-cop advmod
work<-nmod:poss
tritium<-cc conj nmod
sell<-advmod advcl
animal<-cc conj
redeem<-aux auxpass nmod
job<-dep nmod amod
slap<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
Voss<-appos compound
ping<-case det compound
get<-aux advmod nmod neg nsubj
Cananea<-cc conj
help<-cc aux advmod nmod nsubj
longer<-dep cop neg nsubj
group<-nummod compound det amod
mince<-aux dobj neg nsubj
formulum<-nsubj mark
sector<-compound det amod
announce<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
branch<-nmod:poss compound
Obey<-compound
agency<-case det compound
act<-nmod:poss amod
hit<-nmod:tmod nmod
suffer<-nsubj dobj mark
classify<-aux cop advmod advcl nsubj
Transportation<-compound
add<-aux nsubj nmod advcl
best<-cop acl:relcl
Germany<-case dep compound
lobbyist<-case cc conj advmod
sell<-advcl nsubj mark
family<-nmod
citizen<-case amod compound
expiration<-case det nmod
swipe<-det
get<-xcomp nsubj advmod mark
involve<-dep aux advmod nsubj
feel<-parataxis aux nmod neg nsubj
future<-case nmod:poss nmod
decide<-aux ccomp nsubj
airport<-case amod
Co.<-case appos advmod compound
1989<-cc conj nmod:poss
import<-case cop cc appos amod conj nmod:poss
history<-cc conj det nmod amod
handout<-nmod:poss
Courter<-case
God<-nmod
collage<-case acl:relcl amod
reactor<-det compound
independent<-dep
ticket<-nmod
manage<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
look<-parataxis cop acl:relcl nmod
assertion<-amod det det:predet
challenge<-det compound
advertisement<-case det compound
Minnesota<-case cc conj
category<-det nmod amod
Paris<-amod
tippling<-ccomp nsubj
relevant<-cop nsubj nmod neg mark
base<-nmod nsubj
get<-xcomp ccomp
retrofit<-dobj mark
quiet<-cop nmod nsubj
head<-compound
Energy<-dep compound
Johan<-advmod ccomp nsubj
drug<-det nmod amod
clean<-compound:prt dobj nmod mark
explanation<-case det amod
dynamic<-case det compound
refining<-case cc conj nmod:poss
Jena<-case amod
Evanston<-dep
liberalization<-nmod amod
imbalance<-case det compound
Gate<-det compound
pool<-cc cop conj nmod
manager<-cc det nmod amod compound conj
tell<-xcomp aux nsubj
go<-cc conj nmod compound:prt
result<-nummod det
school<-det nmod amod
energy<-cc conj compound
highest<-det nmod
ton<-cop nsubj nummod advmod mark aux
Mirage<-case det
hesitate<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
clutter<-case acl:relcl det
geek<-nmod ccomp
house<-dep det compound
statement<-dep nmod:poss
politician<-case cc conj amod
soup<-case
persuade<-xcomp advmod dobj nmod nsubj
Corr<-case compound
problem<-acl:relcl det compound
pend<-dep
seven<-case nmod
flash<-advcl
mortgage<-acl:relcl compound
Robertson<-cc conj appos
weapon<-case cc conj amod
venture<-appos acl det compound
grip<-nmod:poss
save<-cc nmod:tmod dobj iobj conj mark
acknowledge<-dobj ccomp nmod nsubj
have<-advcl auxpass ccomp nsubjpass mark
brain<-case dep nmod:poss
toll<-det nmod
output<-dep det
take<-aux compound:prt advcl nsubj
advocate<-cc nsubj ccomp mark
drama<-cc cop conj nsubj ccomp
assemble<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
employer<-ccomp nsubj
close<-cop nmod:tmod
equal<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
crew<-case nmod:poss compound
three<-cc conj amod
set<-aux dobj nmod compound:prt
affair<-det amod
corporatism<-case compound
problem<-case dep det
attack<-case det
segmentation<-nmod compound
breed<-aux dobj nmod advmod nsubj
HBO<-case compound
pace<-case det nmod amod
effect<-nummod nmod
offer<-nmod compound
Associates.Under<-case compound acl:relcl amod
oil<-case nmod amod
impeccable<-advmod
operation<-case det nmod compound
Club<-det nmod compound
forget<-cc aux conj nmod nsubj
difficult<-cc conj advmod
adopt<-nmod:tmod nmod advcl
convincing<-advmod
window<-case amod
product<-case nummod compound
climb<-nmod nsubj
turmoil<-case nmod:poss
blend<-nummod nmod amod
balance<-dep det nmod
Campo<-compound
allegation<-case amod
Gelbart<-acl:relcl compound
process<-case cop nsubj cc det acl conj
drop<-case compound det nmod amod
quickly<-nmod
end<-advmod det amod
hide<-neg aux nmod mark
superiority<-compound
1<-cc conj nmod
hear<-xcomp
warning<-nmod mark
evidence<-dep advmod det
lucky<-dep cop xcomp
part<-cop
help<-aux advmod ccomp nsubj
meet<-nmod nsubj
gold<-case compound
go<-xcomp aux dep neg
sit<-dep cc conj advmod nsubj
group<-compound det acl:relcl amod
politician<-compound
wicked<-cc aux conj cop nsubj
professional<-case dep
industry<-cc conj amod
challenge<-advmod amod
show<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
start<-compound amod
exposure<-case nmod:poss amod
replay<-case det nmod
McCaw<-acl:relcl
please<-xcomp nsubj
copper<-det
end<-aux nsubj compound:prt nmod mark
lead<-mark
strategic<-amod
Cheerios<-cc conj
f-18<-det
copy<-dep nummod amod
summer<-case det nmod compound
fee<-nmod:poss acl
barber<-case cc conj amod
perform<-nsubj ccomp mark
address<-det nmod
traffic<-det
prove<-xcomp aux advmod neg nsubj
higher<-cc cop conj neg nsubj
leave<-advmod nsubj
disrupt<-aux dobj neg nsubj
folklore<-case compound
agency<-cc conj det amod
go<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
suffer<-dobj nmod nsubj
re-examine<-ccomp mark
extension<-case det nmod
authorize<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
exposure<-case compound
Russell<-case nmod compound
fourth<-case det
visit<-xcomp parataxis nsubj
leave<-advmod nmod ccomp
rate<-case cc conj compound
last<-aux nsubj neg mark
prepare<-xcomp cc conj ccomp nsubj
new<-cc cop conj neg nsubj
powerful<-cc conj advmod
tour<-case det nmod amod
Fulton<-compound
resolve<-aux cop nsubj mark
govern<-ccomp dobj
Freeman<-case compound
management<-case nmod:poss amod
easier<-xcomp cop conj cc
injure<-parataxis auxpass nsubjpass advcl
stay<-advmod nmod
entitle<-xcomp auxpass advmod nmod
get<-xcomp nsubj dobj advcl
pump<-advcl compound:prt dobj nmod mark
titanate<-case compound amod
jam<-dep compound:prt nmod nsubj
learn<-neg nsubj dobj mark
advice<-case compound
slither<-cc conj nsubj
mind<-nmod:poss
act<-dep compound det amod
two<-dep
Wittgreen<-case cc conj compound
Federation<-det nmod compound
action<-cc cop acl nsubj
yet<-case neg dep
risk<-case nmod compound
capitalist<-ccomp
invest<-advmod nmod mark
leave<-dep nmod dobj cc aux conj
summit<-case dep acl:relcl det amod
analyze<-nsubj dobj advcl
kind<-cop det nmod amod
receive<-dep nsubj dobj nmod:tmod mark
bumpy<-cop nmod:tmod
cling<-advcl nsubj
damage<-advmod amod
game<-nmod:poss nmod
90,000<-case dep conj cc
fall<-cc dobj ccomp nmod nsubj
Century<-case
plant<-case cc nummod conj compound
describe<-cc xcomp nsubj
experience<-parataxis cop nsubj cc det nmod amod conj dobj
become<-xcomp aux nmod:tmod nsubj
tell<-nsubj
detail<-dobj
Martha<-case
become<-xcomp advmod nmod
double-a<-cop amod nmod nsubj
lending<-amod
margin<-neg
Giuliani<-compound det amod
file<-dep dobj nsubj
self-employed<-case det
number<-acl:relcl det nmod
cut<-case nmod
rise<-case det nmod compound
restate<-advmod
quarter<-amod
fool<-case
lookout<-case cop nsubj det acl aux
possibility<-dep cop case
fear<-amod nmod nsubj
FEMA<-dep
cash<-cc cop conj det nsubj
give<-advcl dobj ccomp nsubj
report<-nsubj dobj advcl
have<-cc conj nmod dobj
contact<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
buyer<-case cop nsubj det nmod amod
amount<-cop advmod det nmod amod acl:relcl
record<-dep nmod:poss nmod compound
fall<-advcl nmod:tmod dobj
deregulation<-compound nmod:poss amod
subsidiary<-case advmod det nmod amod
pill<-compound amod
evident<-cop ccomp nsubj
province<-case compound
reflect<-nsubj advmod ccomp
HUD<-case appos
set<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
prohibition<-cop nsubj dep neg amod cc expl conj mark
paint<-ccomp nmod nsubj
mixed<-nsubj
Blair<-cc conj compound
27<-case
yesterday<-case appos det compound
3.57<-case dep nmod
base<-nummod nmod
rate<-case nummod det appos nmod
term<-det nmod compound
precipitate<-dobj nsubj
execute<-ccomp nsubj
earnings<-det nmod
technique<-dep det
tool<-case compound nmod amod
active<-nmod:npmod cc conj
airwave<-case det
critical<-dep xcomp
trade<-case det amod
Securities<-case nmod compound
IBM<-appos
sale<-det det:predet
play<-aux nsubj ccomp advcl
carpeting<-nmod
alter<-xcomp dobj nsubj
Club<-det compound
attempt<-cop advmod advcl neg
Eastern<-case cc conj cc:preconj
struggle<-xcomp auxpass
treat<-auxpass advcl nsubjpass nmod mark
acquire<-neg advmod dobj nmod nsubj
signal<-ccomp
independent<-case det nmod compound
conference<-dep amod
entrench<-auxpass advmod nmod
massacre<-nummod det nmod compound
movie<-dep acl:relcl amod
house<-cc conj amod
male<-case nmod
have<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
impossible<-xcomp cop
delegation<-case nmod:poss nmod
holder<-dep nsubj dobj
Hartley<-cop compound nsubj
rich<-cop nmod
Service<-case acl:relcl det compound
detect<-cc conj nmod dobj
pump<-cc conj dobj compound:prt
call<-cc cop conj nmod advcl
make<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
fall<-nsubj dep nmod dobj cc conj
friend<-compound
union<-compound
approach<-compound amod
sophisticated<-cop nsubj
move<-xcomp aux advmod nmod nsubj
show<-advcl aux dobj neg nsubj
trader<-case compound det amod
calibrate<-advmod
base<-dep cop compound nmod mark
jury<-case compound det nmod amod
son<-dep appos
earnings<-cc conj compound det nsubj
announce<-case advmod ccomp
Eddington<-compound
appeal<-cc conj nmod ccomp
beach<-case det
style<-compound
Desert<-det compound
efficiency<-case nmod amod
portrayal<-dep nmod
run<-cc neg nmod compound:prt auxpass nsubjpass advcl conj
determine<-aux ccomp mark
eight<-cc conj nmod
happen<-dep nmod
act<-cop dep advmod acl cc aux conj mark
question<-nummod amod
buy<-aux nsubj dobj advmod mark
Illuminating<-dep compound
analyze<-dobj
unhindered<-nmod
won?With<-cop dep det amod cc conj
yeast<-det
Indianapolis<-dep
Industries<-nmod
retract<-nsubj dobj advcl
install<-cc conj mark
following<-dep det
grow<-cc ccomp nsubj
fashion<-case nmod:poss amod
course<-case cc conj det nmod
offer<-dobj iobj nsubj
succeed<-ccomp nsubj
belie<-dobj ccomp mark
Jaguar<-cc conj
{<-cop advcl nsubj cc neg advmod det nmod amod compound conj
sentence<-det amod
time<-ccomp nsubj
system?uh<-case det amod
Asman<-compound
Szuros<-compound
home<-nummod acl:relcl
achieve<-aux dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
hour<-cop nsubj neg amod mark nmod:poss
shake<-cop nsubj advmod compound aux nmod:poss
talk<-aux nmod neg nsubj
understand<-aux nsubj dobj advcl
convention<-case det nmod
safekeeping<-dep nsubj nmod mark
mega-resort<-nmod
perception<-case det nmod amod
outright<-nmod amod
Presse<-case cop nsubj cc advmod nmod compound conj
topple<-dobj nsubj
work<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
earnings<-nmod:poss nmod amod
morass<-case appos det
state<-cop nsubj cc det amod acl:relcl conj mark
transmit<-dobj nmod mark
day<-cc conj advmod det amod
t-bill<-case cc conj
narrow<-dobj nmod nsubj
official<-dep nmod
slip<-parataxis nsubj nmod mark
need<-cc conj nsubj
opening<-case det
Senate<-det acl
put<-cc conj
kick<-cc cop dobj case nsubj
well-being<-case amod
word<-compound det acl amod
generate<-aux nsubj dobj mark
money<-acl:relcl amod
stroll<-nmod nsubj
buying<-amod
suffice<-cc aux neg nsubj
test<-dobj nmod mark
reaction<-dep amod
responsibility<-cop nsubj advmod det nmod acl
exclude<-ccomp
unchecked<-mark
(<-nmod ccomp
drop<-dep aux parataxis nmod nsubj
mania<-case compound
Walt<-cc conj compound
stop<-compound nmod amod
fetch<-xcomp aux nsubj
qualify<-aux neg nsubj
wrong<-cc cop advmod nsubj
pay<-nsubj cc neg nmod:tmod nmod dobj aux conj
Voters<-case compound
hassle<-amod
many<-xcomp
case<-case acl:relcl amod
businessman<-nmod:poss amod
euphemism<-det amod
benefit<-nmod nsubj
tape<-det
leave<-xcomp mark
gon<-xcomp aux nsubj neg mark
information<-case dep acl:relcl
competence<-case cc conj
warn<-nsubj dobj ccomp
allegation<-det compound
inspire<-ccomp
gain<-nummod det
loan<-amod compound
atrium<-case nmod:poss amod
one<-dep appos acl:relcl nmod advmod
Tettamanti<-case compound
thanks<-case dep
rent<-aux nsubj dobj advcl
see<-advcl ccomp nsubj
kill<-nsubj advmod dobj advcl aux mark
stray<-aux nsubj advcl nmod mark
station<-case det nmod compound
Legend<-cc conj det nmod
bodyworker<-dep
heart<-case cop det nmod nsubj
aid<-appos amod
retreat<-cop det amod
recovery<-nmod
outlook<-dep nmod
governor<-det
vs.Missouri<-compound
tour<-cc conj
filing<-cc conj det nmod
year<-case appos det amod
have<-dep xcomp nsubj
ally<-case nmod:poss
scenario<-case det amod
drop<-advcl mark
syndicate<-nmod
RDF<-det
performance<-compound
continue<-cc aux conj nsubj
escape<-advmod dobj
fill<-aux nmod nsubj
earn<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
allege<-cc conj ccomp nsubj
please<-dep auxpass nsubjpass nmod:tmod nmod
HASTINGS<-appos nmod compound
hearing<-dep nmod nsubj
solidarity<-det nmod
not<-dep aux advcl ccomp
notification<-dep neg
total<-case compound
catch<-ccomp mark
motorist<-case nmod
complete<-cc conj mark
machine<-cc acl:relcl det amod
auctioneer<-case det nmod
reinforcement<-case det compound
accelerate<-dobj nsubj
see<-dep aux nsubj mark
ruble<-case nummod det nmod
hero<-cc conj dobj nsubj
callable<-cop nmod nsubj
belong<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
tire<-cop acl
half-year<-det
drop<-advcl advmod nmod dobj
shoulder<-case nmod:poss
Stinnett<-compound
dismiss<-advmod nmod dobj
personnel<-compound
unclear<-dep cop
plan<-case acl:relcl det
revolutionary<-cop advmod neg nsubj
addict<-dep cop dobj nsubj
learn<-ccomp nmod nsubj
attribute<-cc conj nmod dobj
fear<-case nmod:poss nmod
wiring<-case
setback<-advmod det
salary<-case cc advmod amod dep conj
concept<-case dep acl:relcl det
aide<-nummod ccomp amod
credit<-advcl aux nsubj nmod mark
bury<-cc aux conj nmod
shot<-amod
take<-xcomp dobj mark
director<-cop nsubj dep amod cc conj
Merksamer<-dep compound
chapter<-case compound det amod
advertising<-case cc conj nmod:poss
potential<-dep amod
development<-case det amod
Pentagon<-case det compound
confine<-cop nmod
McCaw<-cc acl:relcl
trader<-case acl:relcl compound
difference<-case acl compound
differential<-case det nmod amod
remodeling<-dep nmod
8.375<-dep nmod
widely<-det
teacher<-nmod
buying<-case det nmod
supersede<-dobj mark
terminal<-case dep det
U.K.<-case amod
musician<-det amod
open<-cc conj dobj compound:prt
cost<-case advmod det nmod amod
way<-cop amod det nmod mark
way<-case det compound
beastie<-case advmod amod
mean<-xcomp neg nsubj
emerge<-cc conj nmod mark
demographic<-dep
13<-dep compound
toss<-nmod dobj
hold<-xcomp dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
respond<-case nmod
fact<-case acl det amod
restructuring<-neg
sneak<-xcomp advmod dobj nsubj
increase<-dobj iobj mark
vital<-cop nmod nsubj
opposition<-case appos det
dividend<-det det:predet
press<-cop det amod
filing<-det nmod
uprising<-case det nmod compound
hope<-acl:relcl det nmod
easy<-case
talk<-cop dep nmod dobj cc conj
lower<-dep cop ccomp nsubj
see<-advcl aux dobj advmod nsubj
leverage<-case nmod
responsible<-aux cop nmod nsubj
undermine<-aux dobj nmod advmod nsubj
heavy<-cc cop conj advmod
expense<-cc conj
deflate<-nsubj dobj mark
mandate<-amod
dust<-case nmod
(<-xcomp nmod dobj
stabilize<-nmod:tmod nmod
questionnaire<-det amod
appeal<-det amod
track<-ccomp nmod nsubj
prefer<-aux dobj compound:prt
announcement<-case det nmod
keep<-advmod nmod mark
arrange<-xcomp aux nsubj nmod advcl
base<-det nmod compound
manager<-case acl nmod:poss amod
presence<-case det nmod amod
declaration<-nmod:poss
stock<-case nummod compound
neighborhood<-case compound
prospects<-nmod:poss
signal<-det nmod
yield<-dep det amod
assert<-aux nmod nsubj
Manhattan<-case cc conj nmod
truce<-det nmod
South<-cc conj det
use<-cop amod det acl nsubj
order<-dep amod
Posner<-compound
serve<-xcomp aux nsubj
December<-case amod
unusual<-cop
situation<-acl:relcl det
investment<-cop det nmod
corporate<-nmod
be<-aux advmod mark
cult<-det compound
tree<-compound det amod
close<-cc aux conj nsubj advcl
large<-cop advmod ccomp nsubj
sport<-det
act<-nmod nsubj
frustrate<-dobj mark
Congress<-case dep
resolve<-det nmod
Congress<-case det
evidence<-dep advmod
refinance<-dobj mark
halt<-advcl dobj mark
flexible<-cop advmod nmod
puppet<-cop cc nummod advmod nmod amod conj
promoter<-cc cop dep advmod amod
figure<-xcomp mark
picker<-compound
bid<-compound
1.9<-advmod
exist<-advcl mark
regarded<-dep
sale<-dep det nmod
awry<-cop nsubj
pilot<-nmod:poss
Skase<-case compound
finances<-case
hold<-aux advmod compound:prt dobj nsubj
pro-consumer<-cc conj
theorize<-ccomp nsubj
agent<-nummod compound
Rohs<-case compound
succeed<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
should<-neg nsubj
longing<-det amod
alleged<-nsubj dobj mark
poster<-dep
issue<-dep acl:relcl compound
Sound<-case det compound
drill<-cc cop conj advmod nmod
disclose<-nmod ccomp
take<-dep aux dobj nmod compound:prt
organizer<-det
have<-xcomp nmod mark
FDA<-det nmod
coupon<-acl:relcl det amod
ask<-dobj nmod nsubj
role<-compound
Safety<-case nmod
father<-case dep appos
subject<-case
one-third<-dep det
executive<-nmod:poss
reopen<-auxpass nsubjpass
win<-nummod
report<-case nmod compound
history<-case dep nmod:poss
span<-cc det nmod amod compound conj
join<-mark
arouse<-case det nmod compound
share<-case acl:relcl amod
tab<-nmod nsubj
crude<-amod
one<-case det amod
form<-cc conj dobj nmod mark
bring<-mark nmod dobj
assistance<-case dep compound
cancer<-case acl
problem<-case dep compound nmod amod
trading<-case nmod:poss
combination<-det det:predet
murder<-advmod det
winery<-det nmod ccomp
concern<-dep nmod
rehabilitate<-dobj mark
choose<-aux nsubj nmod mark
enact<-xcomp cop dep nsubj
master<-acl:relcl
pass<-det amod
officer<-det compound
be<-neg expl mark
recipe<-case det compound
quickly<-dep advmod
editor<-cop det nmod amod
information<-cc acl amod
Cruz<-case compound
rise<-advmod dobj nsubj
strong<-nmod
poverty<-case det nmod
Direct<-case compound
hit<-advmod dobj nsubj
portray<-dobj nsubj
Channel<-case nmod:poss compound
trial<-cop det nmod compound
Portugal<-case amod
anticipate<-auxpass advmod
Energy<-cc conj
editorial<-advcl advmod iobj dobj nsubj
10.50<-case dep nmod
safe<-case
Fleischmann<-cc conj
form<-case nmod amod
progress<-case det nmod det:predet
Parliament<-det compound
add<-advcl nmod nsubj
expansion<-case dep det
let<-discourse ccomp
change<-cop nsubj mark
collar<-acl:relcl det
extreme<-case cc conj det nmod
spate<-case det nmod
provocatively<-advmod
appointment<-case compound amod
notebook<-case amod nmod:poss compound
reason<-case cc nummod conj
reader<-case
Finks<-dep compound
centered<-dep advmod nsubj
giant<-nummod det compound
conference<-case nmod:poss nmod
imperative<-case det compound
feel<-xcomp nsubj advcl
transport<-nsubj cc advmod dobj aux conj
boomer<-case compound amod
invest<-aux neg nsubj
coincidence<-case det nmod
usefulness<-case det nmod acl
34<-advmod
psyllium<-dep nmod
flood<-nsubj dobj nmod advcl
possibility<-dep det
reform<-case det acl
modernize<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
rubble<-case det
look<-ccomp mark
lower<-advmod ccomp nsubj
pen<-det compound
they<-case dep advmod
Mexico<-acl
publicly<-dep cop ccomp nsubj
announce<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod:tmod
fight<-compound:prt nmod mark
P&G<-cc conj
try<-xcomp aux advmod nmod nsubj
pershare<-compound
pea<-case nmod
broadcast<-auxpass ccomp nmod mark
repay<-aux nmod dobj
experience<-cc conj dobj nsubj
manage<-advcl dobj nsubj
embargo<-cc cop nmod nsubj
scavenger<-case nmod
transfer<-det
press<-advmod nmod mark
say<-det nmod
save<-advmod dobj nsubj
cent<-case dep nummod det amod compound
else<-compound
handicap<-cop nsubj det nmod advcl aux
manufacture<-dep dobj mark
Duvalier.Yet<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss compound
basket<-nmod compound
impact<-cop det nmod amod
take<-nsubj neg nmod dobj advcl aux
8.75<-dep nmod
Ogilvy<-cc case conj
old<-case nmod:npmod
unhappiness<-nmod:poss nmod
institution<-case acl amod
gentlelady<-det
focus<-aux nmod dobj
relevancy<-cc conj
step<-advcl advmod nmod nsubj
act<-aux advmod nmod neg nsubj
quake<-case nummod det
Opera<-det compound
give<-aux dobj ccomp nmod nsubj
delight<-case det nmod
increase<-cc conj det nmod
office<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss
Science<-dep
file<-aux ccomp nsubj
divert<-dobj nmod nsubj
diamond<-case dep det
rent<-case cc conj
15,000<-dep
depths<-nmod amod
genius<-cop det amod
fail<-nmod nsubj
Energy<-cc conj compound
investor<-dep acl cc acl:relcl conj amod
negotiate<-advmod
succeed<-aux nsubj nmod mark
meeting<-appos
Cela<-compound det amod
strike<-xcomp nsubj
matter<-aux ccomp neg nsubj
continue<-dep aux nsubj xcomp mark
direction<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss
month<-case nummod nmod amod
family<-case det nmod
Europeans<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass
goods<-nmod:poss
equipment<-case det compound
gain<-case nmod:poss compound
Webster<-case appos
viewer<-case acl:relcl
end<-aux compound:prt dobj neg
choice<-dep det amod
stay<-compound:prt nmod mark
ask<-aux ccomp neg nsubj
makeup<-det nmod
whatever<-dobj
technology<-dep det amod
defend<-nsubj ccomp mark
qualify<-aux advcl nmod neg nsubj
illness<-case cc conj nmod amod
drive<-det nmod compound
today<-compound amod
capable<-cop nsubj advcl mark
compose<-nmod
disqualify<-aux nsubj dobj nmod advcl
execute<-dobj
negotiation<-cop nmod compound
sale<-cop nsubj cc neg det mark conj
price<-cc cop conj nmod nsubj
26,350<-case dep nmod
allow<-nsubj
experience<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
491/2<-dep compound
court<-nmod:poss amod
Upham<-case cc conj compound
racketeering<-case appos
Union<-case dep compound
produce<-dep nmod compound
limit<-advcl dobj nsubj
fare<-advmod nmod mark
promote<-aux nmod
sway<-nmod:poss amod
note<-dobj
addition<-amod det nmod nsubj
stumble<-nmod nsubj
rush<-dep compound:prt nmod nsubj
claim<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
stream<-case dep det nmod
Iowa<-case appos
witness<-case dep det
ignore<-nmod dobj
efficiency<-det compound
day<-advmod nmod
recital<-case det
specify<-ccomp mark
event<-case acl:relcl
staff<-case det compound
concern<-nmod amod
skr20<-amod
adapt<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
offer<-amod
financing<-case det nmod compound
us<-dobj nmod nsubj
68<-advmod
625<-advmod
bank<-case compound det amod
refinance<-cc conj dobj
Theater<-case det compound
Marlowe<-case
convene<-cc nmod:tmod mark auxpass nsubjpass advcl conj
time<-cop acl:relcl det amod
)<-case cc conj nmod:poss compound
bond<-dep compound det amod
shape<-xcomp auxpass advmod nsubjpass
six-pack<-case
environmental<-cc conj
pin<-case det
show<-dobj ccomp mark
onslaught<-case det
policeman<-det
contain<-aux nsubj dobj advmod mark
Bank<-nmod compound
dune<-case cc conj nmod compound
howl<-aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod ccomp
bog<-nmod compound:prt
flight<-nsubj nmod mark
complaint<-det nmod compound
loss<-case det compound
Authority<-case compound
Vernon<-dep nsubj
wrongly<-nmod:npmod
issue<-nsubj dobj advcl
proponent<-cc dep nmod amod
moderate<-det
help<-det acl
chaos<-amod
holder<-case nmod compound
40-point<-advmod
realize<-aux nsubj advcl ccomp mark
indication<-case
have<-nsubj nmod:tmod mark
roller<-cop nsubj dep advmod det nmod amod
average<-cc conj compound
evidence<-cc cop advmod acl:relcl amod
resemble<-xcomp nmod
higher<-dep advmod nmod
arrive<-cc conj nsubj ccomp mark
governor<-case det amod
26.875<-case dep advmod
use<-advmod dobj nsubj
purse<-dep
(<-nsubj ccomp advmod mark
utility<-case cc conj cc:preconj
surge<-compound advmod amod
Republic<-case compound det amod
investment<-nmod compound
end<-dobj
defer<-aux dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
release<-case
make<-xcomp aux nsubj ccomp mark
rod<-acl:relcl det nmod compound
interpret<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
ready<-xcomp cop neg nsubj
drive<-nsubj nmod mark
process<-dep cop det amod
dwelling<-nummod nmod
criterion<-amod
picker<-compound advmod amod
spirit<-cc conj nmod amod
observer<-case det compound
year<-nummod advmod nmod
kingdom<-det
spot<-case compound nmod:poss amod
escape<-nmod mark
break<-nmod compound:prt
advise<-ccomp
lose<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
step<-advcl compound:prt dobj nsubj
source<-case cc conj compound amod
react<-parataxis nsubj dep neg advmod aux
overture<-nmod:poss
stock<-nummod det compound
use<-aux dobj neg nsubj
township<-case dep det nmod amod
Hammack<-case compound
money<-neg
fall<-advmod nmod compound
capacity<-det nmod
drill<-case det compound
truth<-case
plans.Both<-nmod:poss
sweep<-det nmod
on?is<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
yield<-cc conj dobj
growth<-nmod:poss nmod
overproduction<-nmod
filigree<-advmod
brand<-nmod:poss compound
Canada<-compound
Johnson<-acl:relcl compound
Series<-acl:relcl det
mall<-compound
setback<-cop amod det nmod nsubj
sense<-nmod:poss nmod
675/8<-dep compound
consensus<-cc conj
Petrie<-case compound
researcher<-det nmod
problem<-cop nsubj det nmod advcl aux
Club<-case det compound
road<-acl:relcl det
relation<-dep cc compound amod
cent<-dep nummod appos
abortion<-det
$<-case nummod acl:relcl det amod
lie<-advmod
place<-case compound nmod amod
bill<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
nausea<-cc dep conj
buffetting<-det
drop<-compound det amod
corn<-case cc conj
scene<-case det
follow<-auxpass nmod dobj
breakdown<-nmod amod
columnist<-case det
opposition<-amod
operate<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod mark
reduce<-nsubj advmod dobj mark
nail<-cop det nmod nsubj
expect<-nmod ccomp
consolidated<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
stake<-case
dispel<-ccomp dobj
magnitude<-case acl:relcl det nmod
investor<-appos amod
Kornreich<-appos compound
drawing<-det acl
force<-case amod
concern<-appos compound
robbery<-nummod
present<-cc advmod dobj nsubj
lower<-aux nmod cop
remember<-dep dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
customer<-case dep amod
cyclosporine<-case acl:relcl
bankruptcy<-cc conj
grow<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
bank<-advmod det
venture<-case cc conj compound amod
increase<-cc dep conj dobj nsubj
isolate<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
tender<-amod
spotty<-dep cop
eliminate<-cc aux conj dobj
set<-case det nmod
opening<-nmod amod
arrest<-case nummod
end<-dobj nmod mark
surprise<-aux dobj iobj nsubj
591/2<-dep compound
Gallagher<-appos compound
Paulo<-case cc conj compound
combine<-advcl dobj mark
field<-case amod det compound
take<-parataxis aux compound:prt dobj nsubj
accessible<-advmod nsubj
amount<-acl:relcl det
smoking<-nmod
inn<-case amod
96<-case
participate<-advmod nmod dobj
stock<-cop amod det nmod nsubj
overstate<-nsubj cc dobj aux conj mark
Johnson<-dep compound
input<-compound
train<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
bill<-case dep det compound
use<-aux nsubj ccomp mark
borrower<-case
count<-aux advcl nmod nsubj
midcapitalization<-case appos
put<-dep nmod dobj
remain<-advcl nmod nsubj
release<-aux dobj mark
tenure<-cc acl:relcl nmod:poss nmod
invent<-xcomp ccomp nsubj
leap<-aux nmod nsubj
activity<-case det
gradually<-case
interest<-nmod:poss compound
exclusion<-nummod amod
plant<-case nummod nmod amod
reserve<-case cc conj det compound
factor<-case compound
date<-case nmod:poss compound
recognizable<-advmod
leap<-dep amod det compound
advertise<-aux dobj
address<-case nmod:poss
lawyer<-nmod
Cafe<-case appos det compound
vague<-nmod
avoid<-advcl dobj
watch<-cc cop conj advmod nmod
dissolve<-ccomp mark
one-third<-dep advmod
use<-advmod nmod
Finnair<-case appos
8<-compound
over<-cop advmod neg
unsound<-advmod
position<-nummod det nmod compound
word<-cop nsubj cc advmod amod conj mark nmod:poss
hand<-case det acl
alcohol<-cc conj
$<-cop nsubj cc nummod advmod mark conj
CIA<-case cc conj det
applaud<-cc cop advmod neg nsubj
conspire<-xcomp nsubj mark
filings<-case nmod
spend<-dep dobj
tension<-nmod
trio<-det
Baltimore<-dep det compound
shares.he<-case nummod
case<-advmod nmod:poss
senator<-appos amod
mid-priced<-advmod
economist<-case nmod compound
file<-dep nmod dobj
Chessman<-case compound
impress<-nmod ccomp
Nightline<-case nmod:poss
blow<-cop det nmod nsubj
thrive<-nsubj advcl
half<-dep advmod nmod
make<-parataxis dobj
problem<-case appos compound
Nghe<-compound det amod
restore<-cc conj dobj mark
approve<-aux nmod mark
irony<-nummod
lender<-case nmod:poss compound
student<-case compound amod
Kotman<-dep appos compound
architect<-compound
way<-cop nsubj det amod acl:relcl advcl
meet<-aux nmod
pressure<-case cop nmod nsubj
Mills<-cc conj compound
subject<-cop nsubj neg nmod:tmod nmod aux
)<-case dep nummod compound amod
pay<-case aux advcl
Aladdin<-cc conj det
oasis<-case cop det nmod
use<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
Department<-nmod
drug<-case nummod compound
knock<-nmod expl
slide<-compound amod
net<-case nmod:poss
brother<-cop appos acl:relcl det amod
transition<-det amod
send<-cc conj dobj
bid<-auxpass nmod compound:prt
take<-aux nmod neg
Lima<-case appos
measure<-det nmod amod
prepare<-auxpass nsubjpass mark
leader<-cop nummod nmod
squeeze<-nsubj dobj advcl
sluggishness<-case amod
involve<-parataxis nsubj cc compound:prt mark advcl conj dobj
spot<-dep nummod compound amod
own<-aux nsubj
take<-advcl nsubj
lawyer<-cop nmod nsubj
plan<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
bring<-ccomp compound:prt
Alberta<-case cc conj
arrive<-cc aux conj nsubj mark
discounting<-nmod compound
recommendation<-det nmod amod
trim<-aux cop nsubj advmod advcl
type<-case det amod
potato<-nmod:poss amod
budget<-nmod
dominate<-ccomp nsubj
foot<-case nmod
profit<-cop advmod nmod amod
Stahl<-dep cc conj nmod
head<-dep
trough<-aux advmod compound:prt nmod nsubj
management<-det nmod
material<-dep det
feat<-case nmod amod
bearish<-advcl
recording<-case det
exaggerated<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass
talk<-case compound nmod amod
cost<-dep compound det amod
AEG<-dep
maybe<-cc acl:relcl
throw<-aux dobj neg nsubj
cower<-advmod nsubj dobj nmod mark
corporation<-case acl:relcl det amod
walk<-advmod dobj
support<-cop advmod nmod amod
hold<-dep nsubj compound:prt dobj mark
criminality<-cc conj det nmod
Daiwa<-dep
investigate<-ccomp mark
shroud<-nmod dobj
trademark<-nsubj dobj mark
spring<-amod det compound
revision<-case det
franchisee<-case
president<-appos compound nmod amod
cheer<-case acl:relcl nmod amod
cumulative<-case det amod
nowhere<-nmod
rich<-xcomp advmod
attack<-dobj
scene<-nummod
Lens<-case compound
boost<-advmod nmod dobj
exposure<-nmod nsubj
double<-advmod acl:relcl
Minpeco<-cc conj
WCRS<-case cop appos compound
Messiaen<-case
agreement<-dep det amod
farm<-case advmod det nmod amod
prohibit<-nsubj dobj nmod advcl
Valley<-case advmod det compound
box<-dep appos compound
pittance<-cop acl:relcl det
ambitious<-neg cop advmod mark
drop<-nsubj dobj advcl
issue<-cop
hearing<-cop nmod compound
interpretation<-det nmod amod
decline<-cc aux conj nsubj mark
triumph<-case det nmod amod
gate<-case nummod nmod:poss
deficiency<-case nmod
anticipate<-nmod mark
Sunbird<-compound det amod
fund<-cc dep conj advmod nsubj
overcome<-cc conj dobj
love<-dobj nmod nsubj
planet<-case advmod det
accept<-nsubj dobj mark
oppression<-compound
school<-nmod compound
subtitle<-xcomp cc auxpass nsubjpass conj
5,960<-case
everybody<-advcl
population<-det nmod amod
Stanley<-cc conj advmod compound
ask<-xcomp cc conj dobj nsubj
pointed<-auxpass mark
rise<-advcl advmod mark
RICO<-nmod
green<-dep
produce<-advmod dobj nsubj
chimney<-dep det
foot<-cc conj nsubj
take<-advmod ccomp nsubj
single<-nmod compound:prt
write-off<-dep det nmod amod cc conj
lean<-advmod nmod nsubj
spokeswoman<-det nmod
test<-det nmod
message<-cop acl:relcl det nmod mark
force<-aux nmod dobj
fulfill<-aux nsubj dobj mark
attempt<-xcomp nsubj neg mark advcl aux
outbid<-dobj mark
board.none<-det nmod
compete<-advmod nsubj nmod mark
mob<-case det
maxim<-nmod:poss amod
Convenience<-compound
quick<-xcomp cop nsubj advmod mark
27,000<-case
worth<-dep cop advmod nmod
imply<-nsubj dobj mark
Summerfolk<-cc acl:relcl
envy<-dep xcomp nsubj mark
collector<-case nummod det nmod amod
become<-aux advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
up<-advmod advcl
bit<-case det nmod
manage<-nsubj dobj mark
disappear<-cc conj nsubj advcl
merchandise<-compound
Investment<-acl:relcl nmod compound
bear<-dep compound det nmod amod
contract<-dep nmod
secure<-neg
Cox<-appos compound
ton<-case nummod nmod amod
rate<-case appos det amod
minute<-compound nmod amod
New<-appos
takeover<-compound det det:predet
analyst<-case compound
GATT<-nmod
downgrade<-dobj
banker<-case det
commit<-dep advmod nmod dobj
the<-case dep advmod
streamline<-nmod dobj
entirely<-advmod
fight<-advcl mark
excursion<-compound nsubj
express<-advcl aux dobj nmod nsubj
brand<-compound det amod
dropout<-cop acl:relcl det compound
side<-case appos det
sale<-case det acl
return<-nmod:tmod nmod
loss<-dep amod det compound
militarism<-case
involve<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
cost<-xcomp nsubj advcl
have<-ccomp nsubj dobj nmod mark
plan<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
foot<-nsubj cc advmod dobj conj mark
plan<-case acl
submit<-nsubj cc nmod mark aux conj
introduce<-advmod dobj
knock<-advmod nmod dobj
big-company<-advmod
side<-det amod
reader<-case nmod
criticize<-cc nmod dobj
Shop<-cc conj det compound
coverage<-case cc nmod amod compound conj
lower<-cc conj advmod
Deaths<-nmod
wear<-dep cc conj dobj
have<-xcomp parataxis ccomp nsubj
secretary<-det nmod
advance<-det nmod compound
reassessment<-det nmod
depressed<-ccomp nsubj
frequently<-cc dep
nation<-advmod det
saddle<-nmod
arrange<-xcomp aux nsubj nmod mark
resiliency<-cc advmod det nmod amod conj
be<-aux nsubj ccomp neg mark
region<-case acl:relcl amod
Evans<-cop cc det amod acl:relcl compound conj
ease<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
wind<-aux compound:prt nmod nsubj
entry<-acl amod
pipe<-case acl:relcl det
six-cent<-nmod
reputation<-nmod:poss nmod
synergy<-det nmod
court<-det acl
donation<-amod
population<-case acl:relcl det
gesture<-case det nmod amod
rank<-dep det compound
pitch<-amod
pay<-aux nmod
Durkin<-appos compound
maneuver<-det nmod
exploration<-case cc conj amod compound
decision<-case acl det compound
road<-case cop det nmod advcl
Quinlan<-compound amod
shape<-case cop amod xcomp nsubj
crown<-det compound
gap<-compound det amod
Africans<-compound amod
taiwanese<-case det
English<-cop compound nsubj nmod ccomp
plea<-nsubj
security<-dep cc det amod
charge<-cop acl:relcl nmod nsubj
liable<-cop nsubj nmod mark
mail<-cc conj dobj iobj mark
release<-det nmod nsubj
supplier<-cop det nmod nsubj
bond<-nummod compound
90,000<-case dep
fall<-aux nsubj dobj advmod mark
better<-nmod
directly<-advmod nmod
deal<-cop nmod nsubj
address<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss nmod amod
Green<-case nmod compound
cedar<-cc conj
ride<-case cc conj
unique<-cop neg
belong<-nsubj nmod mark
worst<-cop nsubj advmod det nmod aux
chairman<-case amod
private<-nmod
connect<-auxpass nsubjpass mark
begin<-ccomp mark
liquidity<-cc acl:relcl
shred<-nummod nmod
insurance<-appos amod
buyer<-case nmod compound
begin<-advmod nmod nsubj
courage<-case det nmod
purge<-compound
fill<-advmod nmod nsubj
restrain<-dobj
raise<-case cc conj nmod dobj
order<-aux cop acl nsubj
mushroom<-nmod nsubj
1.78<-advmod
number<-dep neg
integration<-neg nmod
shoot<-cc nsubj compound:prt nmod advcl
cut<-nmod compound
choice<-case
jolt<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
size<-nsubj
say<-xcomp dobj nsubj
screen<-cc conj det
larger<-nmod:npmod cop
institute<-acl det amod
India<-case acl:relcl
forecast<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
sign<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
issue<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
attack<-advcl dobj nsubj
affect<-auxpass nmod
bid<-case appos det
have<-cc dep conj dobj nsubj
look<-cc advcl nsubj
withdrawal<-nmod amod
delivery<-dep compound
astonishment<-case
hang<-dep neg advmod dobj cc conj compound:prt
peak<-nmod
Coast<-case appos det compound
get<-advmod dobj mark
disloyal<-nmod
executive<-det nmod amod
pronounce<-dep compound
price<-nsubj dobj ccomp
shortage<-case cc conj det compound
there<-dep advmod
Mitterrand<-case cc conj compound amod
inspect<-xcomp auxpass
clutch<-aux nsubj dobj advmod mark
president<-case det acl
talk<-aux advmod ccomp nsubj
history<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
planning<-cc conj
payment<-cop amod det nsubj
operator<-compound amod
coverup<-case cc conj det
van<-cc conj
load<-case det
hotel<-det amod
rationale<-det nmod
government<-appos nmod:poss
seller<-cop nummod nmod amod
Congress<-compound
rise<-cc aux conj advmod nsubj
urge<-nsubj
gain<-nmod:poss nmod
climb<-nmod
bound<-nmod compound:prt
selection<-nmod:poss nmod
case<-appos det
machine<-amod nsubj
investigation<-amod
assessment<-case acl det amod
skimmer<-case amod
production<-nmod:poss nmod
chance<-xcomp
lie<-dep parataxis nmod nsubj
watch<-advcl dobj mark
concoction<-case det amod
Saks<-case
Confidential<-compound
find<-advcl ccomp mark
luckier<-cop nmod nsubj
takeover<-compound
secretary<-case appos compound det amod
reflect<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
support<-dobj advmod mark
version<-det compound
holding<-nsubj ccomp mark
auction<-cop nsubj nmod advmod mark
Peters<-nmod compound
profit<-case nmod:poss nmod
deal<-acl:relcl det
arm<-case det nmod
Salomon<-compound amod
Boston<-case nmod
130<-dep cop acl:relcl
taxable<-cop nsubj nmod mark
previously<-case
bad<-cc conj
make<-xcomp advcl mark
dictator<-det
loom<-advcl advmod dobj
Bush<-case appos compound
value<-neg compound
tell<-dep dobj
ask<-xcomp nsubj dobj nmod:tmod advcl
Securities<-case det
indication<-dep cop advmod neg
carry<-advcl advmod mark
get<-advmod ccomp dobj
season<-case amod
Lebanon<-case compound
little<-case nmod
supply<-dep det
neighbor<-det
tomorrow<-cc conj det compound
cite<-dep cop nmod
organizer<-compound det acl:relcl amod
philosophy<-nmod:poss amod
distinction<-case compound
underwriter<-advmod
available<-cop nmod mark
thought<-cop amod det nmod mark
hearing<-case compound det amod
279<-case dep nmod
foot.owners<-case nmod amod
want<-dobj
idea<-case det amod
Boston<-acl compound
bond<-amod nmod:poss compound
file<-aux dobj neg nsubj
reaction<-compound det amod
addition<-case amod
take<-dobj ccomp nsubj
fare<-xcomp nmod nsubj
act<-case det compound
pay<-nummod
Creole<-case cc conj det compound
law-abiding<-det
president<-cc cop conj compound amod
woman<-case dep det
trader<-nummod nmod
number<-cop advmod det nmod acl:relcl compound
player<-nummod det nmod amod
eliminate<-auxpass nmod
weapon<-acl det amod
Kerry<-case compound
vision<-det nmod compound
hegemony<-det compound
go<-advcl nsubj dobj nmod mark
child<-case appos
640<-case
screen<-advmod det compound
10016/32<-case
fact<-appos
drive<-dobj compound:prt nmod mark
wall<-case amod
issuance<-case nmod
Kaul<-appos compound
slide<-mark
involve<-xcomp aux advmod
Conlon<-dep compound
chemical<-case cc det nmod amod conj
range<-advcl nmod nsubj
cost<-case cop nsubj neg det mark advcl aux
total<-case compound det nmod amod
capital<-case acl:relcl det compound
leave<-compound
address<-aux nmod neg nsubj
recover<-cc conj advmod dobj
change.For<-ccomp mark
tell<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
simply<-ccomp nsubj
lodge<-aux nsubj advmod advcl
leitmotif<-cc conj det nsubj
fit<-cop det nmod amod
present<-dobj nmod mark
bill<-compound nmod:poss amod
injunction<-det nmod
cheer<-advmod nmod
cost<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj aux conj
make<-advmod nsubj dobj nmod mark
Guadalajara<-case nmod
861/2<-case
shop<-nmod:poss det amod
steelmaker<-case det
note<-det nmod amod
pitch<-case det nmod compound
build<-advmod
consultant<-det amod
conversion<-case
560<-dep compound
conglomerate<-dep det amod
Falls<-case dep compound
1.16<-dep
say<-parataxis ccomp nmod nsubj
Bookman<-appos compound
purge<-dobj
operation<-dep
put<-compound:prt nmod dobj
offer<-dep
edge<-advmod nsubj
lean<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
pollution<-case amod
foster<-dobj nmod mark
expensive<-dep
integrate<-advmod nsubj cc cc:preconj aux conj
processing<-case amod
Centers<-case det amod
succession<-det
developing<-dep nsubj dobj
hell<-case
mean<-dobj mark
citation<-nummod compound
insist<-nmod mark
seek<-cc conj dobj mark
decrease<-cc advmod nsubj
begin<-xcomp aux nsubj advcl
Family<-case dep compound
refrigerator<-case cc conj
man<-dep nummod
reward<-ccomp
careful<-dep cop
preclude<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
sue<-advmod dobj
Salomon<-case nmod
himself<-cc conj nmod
fear<-nsubj advmod mark
haul<-nsubj dep advmod nmod dobj aux
strength<-cc conj nmod amod
Davis<-case nmod compound
tally<-case compound det amod
struggle<-cc advmod nmod auxpass nsubjpass conj
Airlines<-case nmod:poss compound
indicate<-ccomp nmod nsubj
downfall<-case dep nmod:poss
strip<-advmod dobj
official<-appos det
bother<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
foray<-case det amod
finance<-aux cop advmod nsubj
shock<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod advcl
expectation<-dep nmod nsubj
decision<-case acl:relcl det amod
Jefferies<-case compound
continue<-dep parataxis dobj
lie<-aux nmod neg
club<-case det amod
forecast<-dep aux dobj nmod nsubj
woman<-amod nmod:poss nsubj
officer<-cc conj
gloomy<-dep ccomp
successor<-nmod:poss
FXTV<-case dep
restriction<-cop det nmod nsubj
ca<-nmod nsubj
drink<-case amod
earn<-advcl nsubj
turnaround<-case cop cc advmod det nmod dobj conj
buyer<-case acl:relcl det amod
flat<-det nmod
invest<-dobj ccomp nmod mark
name<-nummod compound nmod:poss amod
speak<-cc parataxis conj nmod nsubj
vs.Thomasini<-case compound
associate<-cop nmod neg nsubj
support<-cop nmod mark
decliner<-case dep advmod
six<-case cc conj
budge<-aux nmod neg nsubj
be<-parataxis nsubj expl advcl
cause<-nsubj dep neg advmod dobj aux mark
courage<-nmod:poss nmod
special<-nmod
couple<-case nmod
peace<-amod
remove<-cc aux conj
overlook<-nsubj dobj advmod advcl
283/4<-dep compound
not<-dep cop
option<-nummod acl:relcl
200<-dep aux cop nsubj
continue<-cc xcomp nsubj
refinance<-nmod
resentment<-auxpass advmod
launch<-cop nsubj mark
engage<-nmod csubj
sell<-compound nmod amod
interesting<-aux cop nsubj nmod mark
National<-nmod compound
force<-cop acl det nsubj
AB<-case nmod compound
rub<-xcomp nsubj mark
fluctuation<-case amod
pan<-aux nsubj compound:prt mark
afraid<-xcomp cop neg
demonstration<-case dep det
you<-cop nsubj mark
week<-case cc nummod conj
52.50<-case dep
key<-dep det
disagree<-dobj nmod mark
barbecue<-case det amod
Bank<-cc dep conj compound
sequel<-nsubj
Kozinski<-compound
call<-case nummod nmod
pay<-nmod compound:prt
do<-cc conj nmod dobj
pressure<-dep cop nmod compound
mill<-case compound
Korotich<-case dep acl:relcl compound
develop<-cc conj dobj nsubj
piece<-case cop nmod amod
settle<-aux nmod compound:prt
warning<-compound det amod
Courter<-compound
turn<-dep nsubj dobj compound:prt
astronomer<-det
endure<-nsubj
trading<-case advmod amod
listener<-det nmod amod
extreme<-cop nsubj dep advmod cc conj
signal<-compound
care<-advcl advmod mark
bank<-nummod amod
keep<-dep aux dobj nmod nsubj
operation<-case acl:relcl det amod
region<-case dep det
hometown<-nmod:poss
livestock<-advmod
unspecified<-advmod
reinforcement<-nmod amod
spill<-compound:prt nmod mark
stage<-case appos det amod
attractive<-cop advmod mark
through<-cop advmod nsubj
show<-aux nsubj dobj mark
have<-advcl advmod ccomp expl
skipper<-cc conj dobj mark
visit<-aux dobj nsubj
hotel-casino<-compound det amod
now<-case cop
level<-case cop compound
1.71<-dep
mart<-case compound
behalf<-case dep nmod
code<-case det
irrelevant<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
proportion<-det
Mexicans<-case det
load<-compound amod
unpleasant<-case cc conj
40<-nmod
FHLBB<-det
current<-nmod
experience<-det nmod
contribute<-advmod nmod
have<-dep nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
directory<-case cc conj det nmod
%<-nummod appos nmod
sell<-aux compound:prt dobj nsubj
delay<-det compound
seized.more<-dep cop nmod
sentence<-cop nmod nsubj
20<-dep advmod compound
pattern<-det nmod
Barbara<-case nmod compound
plant<-case acl:relcl det nmod
miscalculate<-aux nsubj dobj mark
scale<-case nmod:poss amod
plan<-cc conj compound amod
prerogative<-acl:relcl det amod
identify<-aux nmod dobj
Star<-compound
information<-case cc conj amod
allow<-dobj iobj mark
slip<-dep dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
reform<-acl:relcl
42<-dep advmod nmod
three<-dep nmod
longer<-advmod
retirement<-case cc conj det nmod
decide<-dep nsubj
decide<-nmod
bank<-nummod det amod
judgment<-case amod
buy<-dobj compound:prt nmod mark
make<-neg advmod dobj csubj aux mark
point<-nmod amod
apartheid<-case dep amod
borrow<-xcomp nsubj advmod nmod advcl aux
gain<-case appos compound
include<-dep
announce<-neg dobj advcl mark
Payson<-compound
sing<-advcl nsubj dobj
Crime<-case cc conj det compound
episode<-case appos det
range<-cop nsubj dep advmod nmod mark
dialogue<-det nmod amod
painting<-nmod:poss
interesting<-nmod:npmod cop ccomp neg
reach<-dep dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
black<-dep cc conj mark
evolve<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
profitable<-cop nsubj
parent<-dep cop advmod nsubj
more<-nmod:npmod dep
sorry<-cop nsubj nmod advmod advcl
firm<-appos amod
bacterium<-case det
one<-cc acl:relcl
10.6<-advmod
reduction<-dep advmod det amod
Tony<-case amod
pass<-advcl dobj nsubj
tasty<-cc cop conj dep nsubj
withdraw<-ccomp
6,320<-advmod
purchase<-nummod det nmod
sentiment<-compound
electrician<-det
231-191<-advmod
Casey<-case cc conj compound
better<-cop nsubj nmod:npmod ccomp dep mark
work.the<-dep advmod dobj
broadly<-advmod advcl
475.35<-case
memory<-cc conj det amod
measure<-case det nmod
point<-cc cop det neg nsubj
Fuji<-det amod
sweeten<-xcomp cop nmod:tmod nsubj
Postels<-det
drag<-nmod:tmod nmod compound:prt auxpass nsubjpass mark
Gulf<-case cc conj det compound
costume<-nmod amod
vote<-advmod nsubj
accompaniment<-case amod
feuding<-case appos amod
show<-aux advmod ccomp nsubj
rate<-acl:relcl det amod
desire<-dep xcomp nsubj
procedure<-dep det
surge<-cop det nmod
hook<-auxpass nmod compound:prt
auction<-aux cop nmod nsubj
abundant<-cc cop conj nmod ccomp
comment<-nmod:tmod nmod mark
store-sale<-nmod amod
consensus<-case det amod
assistance<-det
base<-nsubj ccomp nmod mark
Intermec<-appos
sign<-det
981/2<-case appos
lad<-cop advmod det acl:relcl nsubj
Schoeppner<-appos compound
crowd<-det
commercialize<-ccomp mark
left<-dep advmod
Market<-case cc conj det compound
proffer<-nummod nmod
practice<-case cc conj det
analyst<-compound nmod amod
reorganize<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
develop<-advcl dobj
end<-case advmod det nmod amod
966<-case advmod
NASA<-dep
single-a-2<-case
Aalseth<-compound
choose<-dep nmod nsubj
aspect<-case det
pass<-compound:prt nsubj
margin<-nmod:poss
rating<-nmod amod
help<-aux nmod nsubj
own<-cc advmod mark auxpass nsubjpass conj
filibuster<-det
exist<-nsubj dobj mark
go<-xcomp advcl nsubj
official<-nummod compound amod
par<-dep
persist<-nsubj nmod mark
seize<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
ground<-advmod
likelihood<-cop cc advmod nmod amod conj
seek<-dobj ccomp nmod nsubj
judgment<-dep conj det nmod amod
vacate<-cc auxpass nsubjpass conj dobj
permission<-dep nmod
housing<-amod
spur<-dobj nmod mark
error<-case amod
resign<-dobj
blue-collar<-advmod
hand<-advmod nmod
ebb<-cc det nmod
Chiat/Day/Mojo<-case
mirror<-ccomp mark
open<-aux nsubj dobj mark
debenture<-dep amod
corps<-det compound
price<-case cc conj compound
quantify<-aux dobj neg nsubj
run<-compound:prt mark
pressure<-nsubj
associate<-case compound det nmod amod
fund<-amod compound
eagerness<-cc conj nmod nsubj
recognition<-case nmod
earmark<-dobj nmod mark
make<-nsubj cc ccomp advcl aux conj mark
suitable<-neg nmod
monitor<-case det amod
drive<-advmod nmod nsubj
St.<-case nmod compound
homer<-case det
development<-cc conj
tilt<-det amod
filings<-case nmod:poss compound
stabilize<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
Hugo<-cc conj
earthquake<-det nmod amod
stay<-appos
Burke<-cc conj compound
ulcer<-amod
ton<-case cc nummod nmod amod conj
topic<-case
include<-advmod nmod
rights<-case nmod amod
Barletta<-appos compound
dance<-dep nmod:poss
ton<-case cop nummod nmod amod
report<-cop advmod nmod
diGenova<-case dep acl:relcl compound
intimate<-aux nsubj
call<-advmod dobj nsubj
voice<-case compound amod
sound<-cc conj nmod nsubj
charge<-case acl:relcl nmod
underfund<-aux dobj nsubj
turn<-cc conj nmod dobj
Ind.<-case compound
invest<-dobj mark
reinforce<-dobj ccomp mark
proclaim<-nsubj ccomp mark
strategy<-cop nsubj det nmod advcl aux
worry<-dep nsubj ccomp compound:prt
office<-nummod
password<-case amod
take<-dep compound:prt nmod:tmod mark
strategy<-acl det amod
trim<-dep cop
ownership<-det
Chestman<-case compound
Inc<-nmod:poss compound
requirement<-compound amod
announce<-cc conj dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
bullet<-case nmod
subsidiary<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
wood<-case det
be<-dep conj
outgrow<-advmod dobj nsubj
vision<-dep amod
323<-compound
make<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj
year<-cop nsubj advmod det nmod amod
Germany<-amod compound
swaying<-det nmod
Galileo<-case
Ruth<-cc conj compound
worth<-dep cop advmod neg nsubj
intervene<-advmod nmod nsubj
decision<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss
tube<-case dep det compound
1.5795<-case dep nmod
counsel<-nmod:poss
nothing<-dep cop nmod
profitability<-case nmod:poss compound
unknown<-nmod
damage<-cc conj nmod amod
test<-case cc dep conj amod
depend<-nsubj advmod nmod ccomp
guarantee<-cop nmod neg
exceed<-dobj nmod mark
experienced<-aux dobj neg nsubj
enthusiasm<-nmod nsubj
place<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
logical<-cc conj
expand<-dobj nmod nsubj
realize<-nsubj nmod mark
watch<-cc aux nmod nsubj
call<-aux nsubj advcl nmod mark
site<-compound det amod
view<-xcomp parataxis nsubj
Ike<-case
future<-cc conj advmod det mark
revoke<-auxpass advmod
strong<-nmod:npmod
leave<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
name<-dep nmod:poss
suggest<-xcomp aux advmod neg nsubj
remember<-aux advmod ccomp neg nsubj
wedding<-dep nsubj dobj
establish<-xcomp nmod nsubj
oil<-nmod:poss amod
restraint<-case dep amod
announced<-cc conj
Sen<-cc conj compound
unseen<-advmod
second.in<-ccomp mark
distribute<-nmod
steam<-dep cop advmod advcl
traveler<-acl:relcl det nmod
suit<-case amod compound
less<-cop nsubj advmod mark
certain<-xcomp
go<-cop nsubj cc nmod aux conj
expense<-case cc conj compound
program<-compound nmod nsubj
require<-dep nsubj
interest-rate<-det
experiment<-case
edition<-det amod
spending<-cc conj
standoff<-det nmod
proposal<-case compound det amod
much<-cop iobj nmod
speculation<-case cc nummod conj
Journal<-case det nmod compound
sell<-cop nsubj dep advmod nmod amod compound
bond<-case appos det amod
e<-amod
stint<-case nmod amod
smile<-cc conj
7<-case cop dep nsubj
Inter<-case compound
spread<-advmod
issue<-case amod nmod compound
hold<-nsubj cc advmod nmod ccomp aux conj
class<-nummod nmod
block<-det
60,000-odd<-case acl:relcl
practice<-case nmod:poss nmod compound
multiply<-auxpass nmod
announce<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
keep<-dep dobj mark
go<-dep dobj compound:prt
hero<-compound
Japan<-cc conj amod
problem<-parataxis cop det amod csubj aux
need<-det nmod acl
cautious<-advcl
vote<-cc conj nmod nsubj
installation<-case advmod
Ovcharenko<-case compound
quarter<-case det nmod:tmod amod
individual<-case cc det amod acl:relcl conj
accelerate<-advmod nmod:tmod mark
increase<-cc conj nmod nsubj
pass<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
prove<-nmod dobj
keep<-nsubj compound:prt nmod advcl
rooftop<-case det nmod
Gates<-appos compound
appointment<-dep nmod:poss nmod
client<-dep nmod:poss amod
Malibu<-case
261/4<-case
board<-case cop advmod det compound
1.4<-case dep acl
move<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
establish<-advcl dobj mark
exile<-cc cop conj nsubj
besiege<-aux cop nmod nsubj
cause<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
fall<-nsubj dobj nmod advcl
narrow<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
prospects<-det nmod
GM<-case nmod
car<-amod compound
fund<-nmod compound
Brissette<-amod nmod compound
fertilizer<-nmod amod
filing<-dep nmod:poss nmod
liquefy<-nmod nsubj
scrupulous<-cop advmod nmod
earthquake<-case cc conj
withdraw<-nmod advcl
amendment<-det
dollar<-case advmod
Sinatra<-cc conj compound
service<-case cc conj
masterpiece<-cc parataxis nsubj
move<-case acl:relcl
over-optimistic<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
hall<-case det amod
refer<-nmod ccomp
return<-advmod nmod nsubj
bounce<-advmod nmod
divide<-cc conj nmod nsubj
Petersburg<-case appos compound
be<-neg nsubj advmod expl
member<-case compound det amod
receive<-aux dobj ccomp nmod nsubj
goods<-dep amod
margin<-cop det compound
plug<-ccomp mark
theorist<-det amod
bond<-nummod amod
paper<-case dep det
research<-case dep nmod
Nickelodeon<-case cc conj
profitability<-nmod:poss nmod
owner<-case cc conj det nmod
971/2<-case cop advmod
Auvil<-amod compound
free<-dobj compound:prt
burglary<-case nummod det compound
weather<-case acl:relcl det amod
sum<-case advmod det amod
go<-det nmod amod
control<-advcl dobj mark
belt<-appos compound
attorney-consultant<-nmod
accept<-dep dobj
reduce<-dep nsubj dobj nmod mark
brain<-nmod:poss
idea<-acl amod
change<-ccomp mark
manner<-case acl:relcl det
access<-ccomp
emergency<-cop cc det mark expl conj
make<-advcl compound:prt mark
oust<-aux nmod nsubj
say<-compound:prt dobj
injunction<-case det
Americans<-case cc conj det
message<-compound
dodge<-nsubj cc dobj dep advcl conj
recovery<-nmod nsubj
Clapp<-cc conj appos
street<-cc dep conj amod
affair<-cop nsubj cc det amod aux
basketball<-case compound
plant<-cc conj det
loan<-det nmod compound
bear<-cc cop conj nmod
fully<-dep
Vatican<-dep det
have<-xcomp aux nsubj nmod mark
threaten<-dobj mark
friend<-case det
3.09<-dep
decide<-aux advcl neg nsubj
Fund<-compound amod
bottom<-aux compound:prt mark
exile<-cc cop conj
roll<-det
make<-dep advmod nsubj
keep<-advcl nsubj dobj nmod mark
discuss<-ccomp dobj
help<-case advmod det nmod
slow<-advcl compound:prt dobj
chamber<-case det amod
push<-aux advcl dobj
Medical<-nmod compound
CFCs<-case nmod
revamp<-auxpass ccomp mark
performer<-cop det amod
liability<-nmod
decision<-case acl:relcl
Florio<-cc acl:relcl compound
slower<-cc cop conj ccomp nsubj
explore<-dobj nmod mark
case<-case dep det
chauvinism<-cop nmod dobj mark aux amod
drive<-dep
little<-xcomp cop
fossil<-det amod
97.75<-case dep nmod:tmod
outflow<-case det nmod
remains<-case det nmod
resolve<-aux advmod nsubj
change<-cop nmod amod
steer<-dep nmod dobj
borrow<-xcomp nsubj
practical<-cop nsubj mark
Walkin<-case
appropriation<-nmod amod
disruption<-det amod
surround<-dobj nsubj
find<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
convert<-dep aux advmod nmod nsubj
deny<-parataxis dobj ccomp nmod nsubj
economy<-compound nmod:poss amod
consume<-cc advmod dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
KKR<-case dep nmod
shock<-acl:relcl
consulting<-compound amod
ghost<-case dep nmod:poss
gaze<-nsubj cc nmod compound:prt dep conj
Center<-case det nmod compound
goal<-case dep nmod
win<-nsubj nmod dobj
machine<-compound det acl:relcl amod
period<-case dep nmod
effect<-case aux cop ccomp nsubj
engage<-advcl nsubj
release<-cc conj dobj nsubj
worker<-case appos compound amod
help<-cc conj ccomp nsubj
Dakota<-case compound
defy<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj
delicate<-aux cop nmod advmod nsubj
mind<-aux ccomp neg
epidemic<-det compound
profit<-compound amod
pol<-case det
Renault<-cc conj cc:preconj
cite<-aux dobj nsubj
84.90<-case
occur<-nmod
fate<-nmod nsubj
offering<-compound det nmod amod
fear<-cop ccomp det compound
performance<-case amod
accede<-aux advmod nsubj
one<-parataxis det amod
default<-acl:relcl
away<-advmod nmod
cup<-nmod
participant<-nmod amod
midwest<-nmod
take<-nsubj iobj dobj mark
program<-cop advmod det nmod amod
concept<-case cc conj det compound
circulate<-advmod ccomp nmod mark
tape<-dep det
you<-acl:relcl nmod
scare<-cc dobj nmod nsubj
replace<-advmod nmod dobj
contraction<-nmod
fundamental<-cc conj
contrary<-cop advmod nmod
communication<-case nmod compound
Kyoto<-case
goods<-case cc:preconj compound
mark<-case cop cc nummod ccomp conj
3.62<-dep
beneficial<-cop nsubj cc advmod nmod aux
district<-cop compound nmod:poss amod
productivity<-case cc conj amod
report<-advcl aux dobj nmod nsubj
airline<-case acl:relcl
park<-advmod det
resist<-aux dobj
pick<-aux compound:prt nmod:tmod advcl nsubj
case<-case cc conj det
pilot<-case dep
competition<-advmod amod
UAL<-dep amod
rate<-nmod nsubj
topic<-case det amod
stabilize<-nsubj nmod mark
Communications<-appos compound
scuttle<-dobj advmod mark
release<-case nmod:poss
kind<-cop det nmod neg nsubj
tender<-cop nmod
upshot<-advmod det
worth<-dep aux cop nsubj mark
purchase<-det nmod amod
implicate<-auxpass nmod
learn<-xcomp nsubj
overtime<-case
fill<-dobj mark
filter<-cc conj compound:prt
air<-dobj mark
producer<-dep advmod
he<-dep parataxis
superpower<-case det compound
Fate<-cc conj nmod dobj
blame<-xcomp nsubj ccomp mark
sit<-nsubj cc nmod compound:prt advcl conj
fidget<-auxpass advmod nmod mark
defendant<-case acl:relcl amod
1937-87<-case
vary<-advmod nsubj
buffet<-amod
movement<-compound det nmod amod
army<-nmod:poss
principle<-case dep det nmod
55th<-case cc conj
hold<-cc conj
emerge<-nmod mark
other<-det nmod
bicycle<-det
follow<-cc conj compound:prt mark
Coopers<-nummod nmod
ignore<-aux nsubj
2189.3<-case
taxation<-case compound
window<-det compound
serve<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
RU-486<-case nmod
strap<-auxpass advmod nmod
11.38<-case
2,660<-case
fly<-cc aux conj nmod nsubj
crash<-case nummod det appos
Peter<-case cc conj
government<-dep det compound
source<-cop nsubj det nmod amod compound aux
upgrading<-det nmod amod
opening<-det nmod compound
recognize<-nsubj dobj mark
importance<-case
business<-dep cop det compound
wane<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
restraint<-case det
probably<-dep
demonstrate<-xcomp aux nsubj
hiring<-case det nmod
b<-case nmod
sweat<-dep nmod dobj
Enterprises<-case compound
conglomerate<-det nmod
protect<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
topic<-cop nsubj neg det nmod amod
Larsen<-cc conj nmod
but<-nmod:npmod nmod
billionaire<-amod det nsubj
offer<-appos nmod:poss
commission<-cc dep conj parataxis nsubj
cash<-dobj nmod nsubj
land<-amod
willing<-xcomp cop nsubj cc aux conj
consequence<-dep det amod
strong<-xcomp cop nsubj neg advmod advcl
caveat<-case compound det amod
want<-nsubj nmod dobj
mortgage<-case amod
wood<-case cc conj
Agricole<-case acl:relcl compound
detect<-dobj advmod mark
instance<-case amod
reveal<-dep nmod nsubj
Institute<-case cc det nmod compound conj
like<-cc xcomp nsubj
segment<-dep compound nmod:poss amod
chancellor<-det
unmoved<-cop nmod
cancel<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
apply<-aux advmod mark
call<-xcomp advmod nmod nsubj
buy<-advmod mark
beach<-nmod nsubj
anything<-compound
gesture<-advmod nmod:poss
large<-cop nsubj cc advmod mark conj
finger<-nsubj mark
turn<-xcomp advmod compound:prt
afford<-aux advmod ccomp nsubj
yard<-case cc conj nmod:poss
cover<-dobj nmod compound:prt
spender<-cop det amod
evening<-det amod
femininity<-ccomp nsubj
ore<-case compound
raid<-nmod:poss nmod amod
April<-case nummod nmod
skill<-amod
432.61<-case
lilt<-det amod
publish<-cc conj dobj
GDP<-case
aftermath<-case det amod
slash<-case nmod compound
selling<-advmod amod
desperately<-dep advmod
network<-advmod det compound
judge<-nmod nsubj
father-in-law<-nmod:poss
exercise<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
partnership<-case nummod det amod
surveillance<-compound
view<-case dep det det:predet
Valley<-case det nmod
improve<-nmod mark
pay<-aux ccomp neg nsubj
prove<-advmod ccomp mark
tie<-dobj
put<-xcomp nsubj
keep<-cc xcomp nsubj
bidding<-aux nsubj nmod neg mark
bill<-advmod nmod:poss
sell<-compound:prt dobj nmod mark
brink<-case cop nsubj det nmod mark advcl
unexpected<-cop nsubj dep mark cc conj
coverage<-case det nmod amod
2,000<-dep compound
lead<-nsubj neg dobj advcl aux mark
decision<-appos det nmod
device<-dep nummod acl:relcl compound
literature<-compound
Reagan<-dep acl:relcl compound
choosing<-case nmod:poss
Inc.<-case appos advmod compound
99.672<-case
create<-ccomp nmod nsubj
analyst<-case acl:relcl compound
distance<-case mark
spend<-dobj ccomp nsubj
decade<-det amod
see<-mark ccomp dobj
Banxquote<-case
draw<-nmod
prepare<-dep xcomp nsubj
director<-acl:relcl nmod
celebrate<-nsubj dobj mark
lead<-case amod
incline<-xcomp cop neg
bar<-advmod dobj nsubj
%<-case dep nummod conj cc
AIW<-case
Jacobsen<-dep cc conj compound
datum<-case dep advmod det amod
pound<-appos det amod
climate<-case compound det amod
battlements<-nmod:poss
plant<-nmod:poss amod
Payroll<-cop nsubj dep det cc conj
week<-case acl:relcl det amod
maintain<-advcl nsubj dobj nmod mark
Daikin<-case
have<-aux advmod ccomp neg nsubj
respect<-case advmod nmod
job<-acl compound
giant<-nmod
detail<-nmod mark
tick<-auxpass compound:prt nsubjpass ccomp mark
stake<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss nmod
eeriness<-det amod
back<-advmod nmod
Noriega<-dep compound det amod
qualify<-nsubj nmod mark
imagine<-ccomp mark
all<-case mark
croon<-nsubj
mixture<-amod
Nixon<-case compound det amod
transmit<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
Saks<-cc conj
Sony<-case acl:relcl
recall<-case nmod
share<-compound:prt dobj mark
3.5<-dep cop nsubj advmod mark
syndicate<-det nmod
Section<-case dep det amod
trader<-case cc conj
part<-case compound amod
researcher<-case det nmod
worker<-nummod appos amod
protest<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod dobj
subpoena<-acl:relcl det amod
name<-advmod acl:relcl
impose<-auxpass nmod
do<-aux nsubj dobj advcl
cope<-case
announce<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
crop<-det compound
dwelling<-case nummod nmod:poss
lovebird<-det
NEC<-cop compound advmod nmod nsubj
118<-dep compound
declare<-ccomp nsubj
hire<-advmod ccomp
end<-nmod compound:prt
desire<-cop det nmod compound
young<-cc conj
information<-case amod acl nmod compound
oust<-nsubj advcl ccomp
case<-cop ccomp det mark
quarter<-case compound det amod
20.75<-case dep nmod
arrogant<-cc conj advmod
Bank<-acl:relcl nmod compound
Toyota<-compound
regime<-case advmod det nmod
ready<-nmod
founder<-det nmod amod
offering<-case det nmod compound
metaphor<-case det acl
Congress<-acl
promise<-ccomp
pun<-nmod
swell<-nmod mark
struggle<-det
163,000<-case
JAPAN<-case
cd<-dep det amod
Rainman<-cc conj
man<-nmod amod
daughter<-dep
Beefeater<-dep nsubj
able<-xcomp cop nsubj cc advcl aux
bond<-nmod:poss
medication<-cc conj det amod
range<-ccomp nmod nsubj
begin<-nsubj nmod:tmod mark
economy<-dep compound det amod
moment<-det nmod
McDonald<-case cc conj
purchase<-advmod amod
Meridian<-cc conj compound
Cima<-cc conj
banker<-dep compound det acl:relcl amod
encounter<-case det compound
record<-dep cc conj
court<-cc conj compound det amod
act<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
investor<-case cc conj
wendy<-case amod
10<-case det nmod amod
sell<-aux nsubj dobj nmod advcl
momentum<-nmod
vary<-aux dobj nsubj
time<-case dep det
seven-day<-amod
industry<-case appos det
higher<-cop nsubj cc nmod mark advcl conj
country<-case nmod amod
action<-case nummod amod
Republican<-acl:relcl det compound
$<-case cop nsubj nummod advmod mark
risk<-aux dobj nsubj
1,000<-case dep advmod
calculate<-cop advmod nmod
only<-xcomp
have<-parataxis nsubj neg nmod dobj aux mark
idle<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
paralyzed<-cop advmod nsubj
do<-dep csubj
spend<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
set<-nsubj advmod nmod:tmod nmod compound:prt
insulate<-dobj nmod mark
put<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
treasury<-nmod:poss
plunge<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
press<-cc advmod nmod nsubj
band<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
include<-cc conj dobj
strategy<-dep
vehicle<-nmod:poss compound
jazz<-amod
day<-case nmod amod
currency<-case
close<-aux advmod ccomp neg nsubj
higher<-nmod:npmod dep
figure<-cc ccomp nsubj
jet<-det nmod amod
2.07<-dep
goodness<-case cc neg det nmod conj
wealthy<-xcomp advmod
120<-dep acl:relcl
reimburse<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
advantage<-case cop nmod:poss xcomp nsubj
offer<-dep cc nmod dobj
830<-case dep nmod:tmod
eliminate<-aux nsubj nmod dobj
stay<-case compound det amod
episode<-case det nmod amod
open<-cc cop conj nsubj
wages<-det
name<-ccomp nsubj
indicate<-nmod dobj
outcry<-det nmod amod
trading<-dep nmod amod
bureaucracy<-det amod
sector<-det nmod compound
about<-aux ccomp nsubj
Airlines<-case nmod compound
price<-cop det nmod
lug<-nummod compound amod
)<-dep dobj nsubj
encourage<-xcomp aux advmod dobj
patient<-case det nmod
stress<-ccomp nsubj
company<-acl:relcl amod
group<-compound advmod amod
railroad<-case cc conj nmod:poss
orphan<-det amod
Sununu<-case appos compound
Republic<-case compound
consider<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
appliance<-case amod
ponder<-aux dobj nsubj
show<-case nummod det amod
plentiful<-cop advmod nmod
purpose<-det nmod
premium<-nmod compound
School<-case det nmod compound
thing<-case cop dep det nmod amod acl:relcl
cut<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
price<-case appos compound amod
issue<-cop nsubj advmod det amod advcl aux
trim<-aux dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
recently<-dep acl:relcl
franchise<-det nmod compound
leader<-dep amod
pc<-advmod
attempt<-xcomp aux
service<-cc conj dobj mark
requirement<-cop ccomp det nsubj
fuel<-case dep amod
stranger<-det
require<-ccomp mark
blockade<-det
concern<-amod compound
many<-cop dep neg advmod ccomp expl aux
treasurer<-cop nsubj
eye<-cc conj det
regime<-compound
lead<-xcomp nsubj dobj advmod mark
promise<-case compound
lag<-advcl aux nsubj nmod mark
order<-xcomp nsubj
Conger<-appos compound
movie<-nmod:poss nmod amod
worker<-case nmod amod
five<-case dep compound
building<-case nmod:poss
modestly<-nmod
leverage<-det nmod compound
Morrissey<-amod compound
door<-case det nmod amod
tell<-xcomp nsubj cc advmod dobj aux
yuppie<-dep amod
fail<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
mention<-nsubj nmod ccomp
Allen<-nmod compound
drink<-det
competitor<-nmod amod
FHA<-cc conj
footnote<-cop nsubj det nmod amod aux
mustard<-cc conj
pan<-cc neg conj compound:prt nsubj
print<-ccomp nsubj
model<-nmod amod
index<-dep det compound
month<-dep det amod
burden<-advmod nmod:poss nmod compound
consistent<-aux cop nmod nsubj
employee<-case cc nummod conj
allocation<-case acl:relcl amod
trade<-dep advmod det amod
cool<-dobj
raise<-nsubj dep nmod:tmod nmod dobj mark
commission<-det amod
reduce<-advmod nmod nsubj
Tele-Communications<-nmod
exchange<-case cc conj det nmod
strategy<-amod
theme<-case cc conj det compound
restructuring<-det amod
plunge<-case compound nmod:poss amod
mean<-nsubj cc neg advmod ccomp aux
comedy<-nmod:poss nmod amod
problem<-appos det compound
349<-dep
located<-dep auxpass advmod nmod
buy-out<-case nmod
authorize<-amod nmod compound
offer<-nmod:poss acl
towel<-case det nmod
7.51<-dep
consumption<-case det nmod
install<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
Marcus<-compound
work<-xcomp nsubj ccomp mark
mile<-nummod compound nmod amod
Volokhs<-case cc conj det
furrier<-nmod amod
saddle<-dep advmod dobj nsubj
report<-case acl:relcl det compound
Close<-cc conj compound
committee<-case compound
perceive<-xcomp cop
alliance<-case det nmod
qualify<-nmod nsubj
expansion<-case det amod
Patel<-appos compound
married<-nmod
have<-aux dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
{<-case nummod amod acl:relcl compound
rotation<-det det:predet
create<-advmod iobj dobj nsubj
flare<-det compound
Instruments<-case compound
big<-xcomp cop nsubj advmod mark
lead<-case dep
lead<-case det
jitters<-nmod
weakening<-case cc conj det nmod
project<-dobj nmod mark
analyze<-case
holder<-case cc conj nmod:poss amod
neighborhood<-case nmod:poss amod
interest<-amod nmod compound
subcommittee<-case det
reflect<-cc conj advmod dobj mark
adept<-advcl
sustained<-advmod
fit<-case compound nmod:poss nmod amod
combine<-xcomp advmod mark
add<-aux dobj neg nsubj
default<-case cop nsubj cc xcomp nmod conj
cover<-advcl ccomp nsubj
France<-amod
substantially<-case
directory<-cc conj
favor<-advcl dobj mark
deregulation<-case nmod compound
slower<-advmod
reach<-aux nmod neg
distribute<-aux nmod
ownership<-case amod
facility<-det nmod amod
distance<-det compound
Imperial<-case compound
official<-case nmod
ill<-xcomp cop nsubj advmod mark
lose<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
Corp.<-cc dep conj compound
knock<-advmod dobj nsubj
relationship<-det compound
him.that<-case
unit<-appos acl:relcl det compound
belt<-nsubj
remain<-nsubj ccomp advcl
place<-ccomp nsubj
base<-case nummod nmod compound
Raeder<-cc conj
)<-dep compound amod
share<-case cc conj nmod:poss
energy<-case det
pig<-compound
broker<-case dep appos
change<-cop dep det nmod:tmod nmod amod advcl
do<-cc dep
old<-dep cop advmod
loss<-dep compound
more<-cc conj ccomp
law<-case compound nmod:poss amod
careen<-dobj compound:prt
solution<-nummod nmod amod
datum<-neg nmod amod
hate<-xcomp mark
survey<-amod det compound
flaw<-dep det
elite<-nmod:poss
damage<-aux cop nmod nsubj
supply<-cc cop conj nmod
7.5<-advmod
986/32<-case appos
target<-case appos det compound
lack<-advmod dobj nsubj
Antwerp<-dep nsubj
bass<-det amod
research<-case cc conj amod
payable<-advcl aux cop nmod nsubj
veto<-case compound
Labor<-case
recommend<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
believe<-parataxis nsubj dep advmod ccomp aux
dereliction<-case nmod
troubling<-dep advmod nmod
messenger<-case det
bidder<-case det amod
quarter<-case appos nmod:poss amod
quandary<-case det
evolution<-case det nmod
name<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
cut<-dobj advmod mark
Lorenzo<-compound
purchase<-dep det amod
operate<-advmod nmod dobj
pc<-nmod dobj
News<-case nmod compound
pessimistic<-dep amod
problem<-cop nmod mark
accept<-aux dobj neg nsubj
you<-cop neg nsubj
translate<-nmod
unbiased<-amod nsubj
donation<-case dep advmod det amod
early<-advmod
trade<-acl:relcl det amod
related<-dep neg auxpass nsubjpass
Westamerica<-dep
deduction<-compound det amod
home<-det amod
scope<-case cop nsubj det nmod mark aux
Co.<-cc conj nmod:poss compound
issue<-cop nmod nsubj
turmoil<-det compound
protein<-case amod
slow<-advmod mark
decline<-dep
pay<-nsubj cc nmod dobj conj ccomp
freeway<-det
Sentra<-det amod
site<-amod
interrupt<-advcl cop advmod nmod mark
commit<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
accrue<-nmod
Legislature<-det compound
Chan<-amod compound
hometown<-dep nmod nsubj
call<-aux cop nsubj advmod mark
customer<-acl
idealist<-appos det compound
realize<-dobj mark
have<-cc conj nmod nsubj
vote<-ccomp advmod compound:prt nsubj
fight<-ccomp
historian<-case cc conj
pound<-dep det
change<-nsubj neg advmod nmod mark aux
plunge<-case dep nmod:poss amod
Mistake<-dep det nmod
governance<-case compound
overall<-compound
meet<-xcomp nmod nsubj
assess<-aux dobj
erode<-advmod nmod
discourage<-cc cop conj advmod nmod
fly<-case cop nmod
prevail<-aux advcl nmod nsubj
insulin<-det amod
grandeur<-amod
accuse<-dobj nmod nsubj
stabilize<-aux nsubj mark
seconds<-case nmod
1271/2<-dep compound
either<-case
scheme<-case
financing<-nummod det nmod compound
risk<-cc nsubj ccomp advcl
tremor<-det amod
range<-aux nmod nsubj
inheritance<-case nmod:poss compound
disturbing<-dep cop nmod:npmod
inference<-amod
testimony<-case amod
book<-case compound det nmod amod
sell<-dep aux nmod
disburse<-case nummod
blow<-case amod
Briggs<-compound
country<-case det nmod amod
Shale<-cc conj det compound
shortcut<-cop det nmod mark csubj aux
computer<-case compound advmod det amod
recipe<-aux cop det nmod nsubj
drop<-dep cc conj det amod
recently<-advmod advcl
come<-neg compound:prt
speculation<-cc conj compound
repression<-case
prefer<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
insist<-parataxis ccomp nsubj
calculation<-case appos nmod:poss
official<-cc conj nmod:poss
count<-nsubj compound:prt dobj
apparel<-advmod
interest<-case nmod compound
cancer<-case nmod
433/8<-dep nmod compound
felon<-cc conj det amod
say<-dobj nmod mark
gridlock<-amod
spending<-nsubj ccomp mark
approach<-xcomp nsubj
summit<-case det nmod
Hubbard<-case dep compound
look<-cc conj dobj nsubj
organization<-compound nmod:poss amod
inflation<-case det
essence<-det acl
offer<-neg
assert<-advmod ccomp nsubj
address<-compound det amod
directly<-nmod
customer<-case dep nummod conj cc
return<-aux ccomp neg nsubj
sever<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass mark
solicitation<-case det nmod
Shield<-cc conj det compound
impossible<-xcomp aux cop advmod nsubj
serious<-cop nsubj dep dobj aux mark
form<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
677/8<-dep compound
carrier<-nummod
employee<-case dep nmod
quit<-parataxis nsubj compound:prt dobj mark
do<-dep nsubj nmod mark
correspond<-nmod
disproportionate<-dep nmod
sale<-compound nmod:poss amod
squeamish<-advmod
member<-case cc conj compound
face<-cc aux nsubj dobj advcl
guarantee<-case nmod compound
texasness<-dep
point<-cc nummod conj compound
factor<-det
exclude<-dobj nmod nsubj
oil<-advmod det amod
200<-advmod acl:relcl
rice<-case appos compound
fur<-case det amod
head<-nmod:poss
rock<-det
continue<-advcl nmod nsubj
topic<-case det
merit<-case det
fear<-nsubj dobj
INC.<-compound
hour<-case cc advmod det
Edelman<-case compound
pay<-aux compound:prt advmod nsubj
free<-nsubj
vehicle<-case compound nmod:poss amod
master<-cop nsubj cc det nmod amod conj mark
ride<-case nmod compound
facility<-det compound
99-cent<-auxpass advmod dobj
yard<-case det
give<-aux nsubj dobj mark
relationship<-case compound amod
decide<-advmod nsubj nmod mark
call<-advcl dobj
hide<-dobj
show<-dep det amod
other<-case det nmod
pill<-advmod det
purpose<-case det
panel<-amod compound
enough<-xcomp cop advmod neg nsubj
unit<-case amod
result<-aux nsubj nmod mark
scare<-aux compound:prt dobj nsubj
technique<-case amod
market<-case advmod det nmod compound
bureaucrat<-det
Kaddurah-Daouk<-compound
mind<-case aux nsubj
sue<-aux mark
family-run<-cop
opposition<-acl:relcl det
discouraging<-cop advmod ccomp nsubj
net<-amod det compound
magazine<-dep compound
work<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj
miniscule<-cop ccomp
Flynn<-dep
Corp.<-amod compound
Baker<-dep dobj
time<-case cc conj
easy<-cop nsubj cc neg aux conj
emerge<-cc aux xcomp nmod nsubj
candidate<-cc conj amod
idea<-cop advmod det
development<-case acl:relcl det amod
I<-case advmod
portion<-advmod det nmod amod
crime<-cc conj
have<-xcomp neg ccomp mark
support<-advmod nmod:tmod nmod
equation<-amod det compound
ring<-det
formation<-det nmod
mark<-case nummod acl
dissenter<-case
downturn<-case appos det
debt<-det nmod compound
struggle<-case acl:relcl det nmod amod
off<-nmod:npmod advcl
warn<-xcomp dobj nsubj
insulate<-advcl dobj
sign<-dobj ccomp nmod mark
family<-case advmod det
observer<-dep cc advmod
monopoly<-acl:relcl det nmod
show<-cc ccomp nsubj
program<-acl amod
slip<-cc dobj nsubj
Mills<-advmod compound
buy<-ccomp dobj
see<-xcomp dobj nsubj
effective<-aux cop nsubj advmod mark
interest<-case cop nsubj xcomp amod mark nmod:poss
packaging<-case cc conj amod
index<-case nmod:poss nmod compound
include<-nsubj dep nmod dobj aux mark
represent<-dep dobj nsubj
Edwards<-appos compound
governor<-nummod
lady<-det
one<-appos nmod acl
memory<-cc conj
distribution<-case det compound
continue<-nsubj nmod advcl
field<-case appos det nmod amod compound
item<-dep cop compound advmod nsubj
position<-det ccomp
colloquy<-case
accept<-aux advmod dobj mark
Bosch<-compound
Alps<-case det amod
threat<-advmod det amod
herself<-case
release<-case compound det amod
potato<-compound
range<-compound
suspect<-case det nmod amod
critic<-dep nmod
modernize<-ccomp mark
Reeve<-appos compound
buy<-case advmod
dog<-cop nmod
problem<-compound nmod:poss amod
habitat<-cop det nmod nsubj
drop<-nsubj nmod:tmod nmod mark
competition<-advmod det nmod amod
chemical<-case nmod
inside<-nmod:npmod
cease-fire<-case nmod:poss
quantity<-amod
respond<-cc aux neg nsubj
axiom<-det
seek<-cc conj nmod dobj
repair<-cc cop conj advmod
lift<-dobj nmod mark
past<-dep det
Gorky<-case compound
week.michael<-advmod det
move<-aux advcl compound:prt
tuition<-case
burst<-dep det compound
current<-cc conj
newcomer<-case det
float<-dobj nsubj
competitor<-cc conj
scout<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
load<-nmod:poss compound
safeguard<-amod
rights<-case compound amod
286<-dep nummod nmod
broker<-appos
club<-compound det nmod amod
Tana<-acl:relcl
10<-cc conj advmod amod
0.60<-advmod
build<-auxpass nsubjpass
Relations<-case nmod compound
arouse<-advcl dobj mark
overcrowded<-aux cop nsubj
6.02<-case dep
Fuji<-det acl
appreciate<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
be<-nsubj cc advmod ccomp conj mark
car<-det nmod
curb<-aux nmod nsubj
Transvaal<-case dep det nmod amod
become<-xcomp aux advmod
Mancuso<-compound
build<-nmod dobj auxpass nsubjpass aux mark
copy<-advmod dobj
dismantle<-aux cop nsubj
remove<-nsubj dobj mark
improve<-case cc conj dobj
regional<-cc conj amod
Lawrenson<-compound
election<-acl:relcl det
Schabowski<-compound
6.80<-case dep
status<-case nummod nmod compound
ABC<-nmod
three<-case amod
weekend<-det acl
courtroom<-nummod nmod:poss
accomplish<-nsubj ccomp
see<-aux nsubj advmod dobj mark
troubling<-advmod
convocation<-nmod:poss nmod amod
campaign<-dep det nmod compound
period<-case appos det
emerge<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
react<-aux advmod neg nmod nsubj
regain<-aux nmod nsubj
reporter<-case cc conj nmod
wrist<-case det
shareholder<-acl nmod:poss amod
people<-case nummod compound
buckle<-compound
computer<-dep neg advmod amod
Alar<-nmod
McKenna<-appos det compound
Helicopters<-nmod compound
economy<-dep nmod:poss
profit<-case det nmod:tmod amod
comfortable<-cop advmod nmod neg nsubj
encouragement<-nmod compound
night<-nmod amod
chain<-nmod:poss compound
shy<-advmod
political<-neg amod
flavor<-appos det
try<-xcomp nsubj nmod mark
like<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
investigation<-nmod:poss acl
clause<-case amod
raise<-dep dobj mark
borrowing<-case dep det amod
decline<-advmod
franc<-nsubj
Goodman<-case det
team<-case nmod
certificate<-dep nmod
bandwagon<-case det compound
revise<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
purse-snatching<-neg
immune<-cop nmod advcl
stock<-case det compound
trade<-nmod:tmod dobj
colleague<-compound amod
3,000<-dep nsubj
part<-cop acl:relcl nmod
transfer<-dep nmod dobj
partnership<-dep
yearn<-nmod nsubj
find<-advmod dobj mark
play<-nsubj cc advmod nmod aux conj
centimeter<-case cc nummod conj amod
trouble<-case compound
hedge<-ccomp amod
automation<-case cc conj nmod:poss
seem<-nsubj ccomp advmod advcl
eerie<-cop advmod
8,590<-case
stake<-amod nmod nsubj
penny<-case nummod det amod
employee<-nummod det amod
substance<-case det nmod
individual<-xcomp
intersection<-case compound
aspire<-xcomp nsubj
McLuhan<-compound
court<-compound amod
innovation<-dep det nmod amod
cover<-dep dobj
22,925<-case acl:relcl
port.In<-case nmod:poss
growth<-dep acl:relcl det amod
single<-dep cop nmod mark
Gintel<-case cc conj
overhaul<-case amod
as<-nmod:npmod cc conj dep
say<-dep mark dobj nsubj
ship<-nmod mark
Jersey<-nmod compound
promise<-det compound
Marshall<-case appos compound
engine<-case det amod
transformation<-case appos det amod
come<-dobj nsubj
save<-cc conj dobj
speed<-dobj
repair<-dobj
inexpensive<-cop advmod nmod neg nsubj
four<-case cc conj
ride<-dobj nmod mark
$<-cop nummod nsubj mark
redeem<-nsubj nmod:tmod nmod dobj aux mark
lead<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
retire<-dep nmod
file<-aux nmod csubj
watcher<-case nmod amod
be<-nsubj cc advcl nmod expl conj
begin<-advmod dobj nsubj
notion<-det ccomp
find<-cc aux conj dobj
beneficiary<-acl
officer<-compound det amod
sing<-nmod compound
price<-cop amod det acl nsubj
create<-cc conj dobj advmod nsubj
go<-nsubj advmod nmod mark
game<-nummod det amod
defendant<-cc conj
preparation<-nmod
kind<-cop advmod det nmod nsubj
Marine<-case compound
anti-abortion<-det
limited<-advmod
control<-cop nmod
expel<-auxpass nmod
quicksand<-case amod
mettle<-det nmod
skyrocket<-dobj nsubj
suggest<-advmod dobj nsubj
receive<-nsubj cc nmod dobj conj mark
Hadhazy<-appos acl:relcl compound
busy<-aux cop nsubj advcl mark
Klan<-dep compound det amod
research<-advmod amod
America<-cop
finish<-advmod nmod ccomp
foreign-exchange<-case compound
require<-ccomp
president<-dep cop conj cc acl
appeal<-case det nmod
community<-det acl
anniversary<-nmod:poss amod
jump<-nmod:poss nmod amod
form<-aux dobj nsubj
stuffy<-cop nsubj nmod:npmod advmod cc conj
successor<-dep nmod
win<-advcl nsubj mark
Jersey<-case cc dep advmod compound
Fund<-cop nmod compound
film<-case nmod:poss amod
fill<-xcomp
Springs<-case appos compound
stew<-case acl:relcl det amod
removal<-det nmod
Wednesday<-case amod
firm<-dep appos
leeway<-acl det amod
president<-appos compound det amod
definition<-case nummod
matter<-case det nmod compound
unveil<-dobj
reserve<-ccomp nmod nsubj
Service<-det compound
embrace<-dobj
permit<-cc nsubj dobj conj mark
toaster<-det amod
single<-advmod compound:prt nmod nsubj
investigate<-aux ccomp
10<-case dep nmod:tmod
expectation<-case cop dep det
couple<-compound
papers<-nmod:poss amod
make<-nsubj cc neg advmod dobj aux
Time<-compound
strategic<-advmod
correct<-aux cop nsubj mark
worker<-cc nummod acl:relcl amod
ashamed<-cop ccomp
draw<-compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
School<-case det nmod
venture<-advmod amod
decline<-advmod det det:predet
Messiah<-compound
consummate<-auxpass nsubjpass mark
located<-advmod nmod
year<-nummod compound det amod
more<-xcomp cop advmod
solution<-det nmod
horse<-det nmod
compromise<-cop mark
Xerox<-case
package<-case compound det amod
territory<-case dep amod
write<-det compound
grow<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
I<-det amod
mature<-cc conj dobj mark
condition<-case
out<-cop mark
adviser<-case nmod:poss amod
return<-aux dobj neg nsubj
material<-case dep compound amod
crack<-case advmod amod
charm<-cc conj det amod
company<-case cc neg det compound conj
dismiss<-cc conj dobj nsubj
prediction<-nmod:poss nmod
face<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
fund<-acl:relcl det compound
borrowing<-case
plead<-xcomp nmod nsubj
guardian<-nmod
focus<-aux nmod
decline<-case compound nmod amod
conscience<-det amod
consider<-nmod ccomp
proclamation<-det compound
look<-cc conj advcl dobj
charge<-case compound amod
crouch<-nsubj cc nmod compound:prt conj dobj
Quotron<-case appos
control<-det nmod
san<-advmod
populated<-advmod
deep<-dep cop conj cc nmod
tighten<-nsubj mark
follow<-nmod:tmod dobj
instruct<-xcomp cop
role<-cop advmod det nmod amod
rash<-case det nmod
computer<-case cc conj det nmod
Malcolm<-nmod compound
examiner<-amod
district<-case cc conj nmod amod
pop<-nmod compound:prt
live<-dep nsubj advmod mark
prostitute<-appos det
Mitchell<-dep compound
republic<-case nummod amod
battle<-acl det amod
hit<-case
kill<-dep nsubj
attorney<-case cc conj nmod:poss
Worms<-nmod
mean<-nsubj dobj compound:prt ccomp
schedule<-cop nmod:tmod nmod
weekday<-cop nmod compound
competition<-cop amod
reliable<-cop advmod nmod
boss<-case det amod
climb<-aux advcl nmod nsubj
newspaper<-compound det amod
ride<-dobj nsubj
year<-cop advmod det advcl nsubj
51<-case
disobedience<-amod
press<-nmod mark
penny<-case dep advmod det
talk<-cop compound nmod nsubj
start<-cc conj nmod:tmod nmod
interpretation<-det nmod
star<-nmod:poss acl
fog<-aux dobj nsubj
widen<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
forecast<-case cop nsubj cc conj nmod:poss
platform<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
rule<-cc xcomp nsubj
August<-case cc conj
slow<-advmod nmod mark
haul<-case nummod
italian<-cc conj
face<-cc advcl advmod dobj nsubj
process<-case det nmod compound
liquidate<-advcl mark
Lloyd<-appos compound
interlude<-det nmod
assertion<-case compound
CMS<-dep
watch<-aux dobj nsubj
prevail<-cc conj nsubj advmod mark
root<-case nmod:poss nmod
fall<-nsubj cc nmod dobj conj ccomp
pants<-case det
come<-cc conj nmod compound:prt
get<-dep dobj
decision<-cop amod det compound
selloff<-case amod
leader<-cop det acl
risk<-cc cop advmod det
genre<-case compound det nmod amod
investor<-case cc conj det
ego<-nmod:poss
harm<-aux nsubj dobj advcl mark
teacher<-compound
put<-cc advmod nmod nsubj
explode<-nsubj cc advmod nmod mark dep aux
decide<-aux compound:prt ccomp nsubj
essential<-nmod
recall<-nsubj neg nmod dobj advcl aux
weigh<-nsubj nmod mark
network<-cc conj compound nmod:poss amod
maze<-cop ccomp det nmod det:predet
wait<-advcl nmod mark
end<-nmod compound
advance<-cc dep nmod amod
close<-xcomp cop nmod
estimate<-cc conj ccomp nsubj
fully<-cop nsubj cc neg mark conj
waste<-cc conj dobj
file<-case compound det amod
heat<-cop advmod compound:prt nmod:tmod nsubj
matter<-case appos det amod
quality<-dep cop conj cc dobj
someone<-dep advmod
enable<-advcl dobj mark
Hungary<-dep
drop<-advcl dobj
need<-dep det nmod
cause<-advcl nmod nsubj
lobby<-case dep nmod
appear<-cc aux nmod neg nsubj
overturn<-dobj mark
fodder<-case nmod
seat<-nmod:poss
screen<-case nmod compound
transportation<-neg nmod
script<-det
mineral<-dep cc conj
fill<-aux nsubj compound:prt dobj mark
reluctant<-xcomp cop advmod
380<-case dep
less<-cop advmod ccomp
acquire<-aux nmod dobj
thing<-dep det
Tonkin<-case compound
high<-cop compound nsubj nmod mark
look<-cc nsubj advmod advcl
spending<-case nmod amod
computer<-cc conj compound nsubj
able<-xcomp cop nsubj neg advmod mark aux
critical<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
mean<-dep nmod dobj
increase<-nsubj ccomp mark
%<-advmod compound
lemon-lime<-cc conj
patient<-case acl:relcl
buy<-csubj dobj
446,000<-case dep
come<-nsubj advcl
291<-dep nmod compound
chairman<-appos nmod:poss compound
land<-det nmod compound
mean<-dobj
gain<-case cc conj advmod nmod
job<-amod nsubj
burden<-case det compound
%<-cop cc nummod amod conj mark
spring<-xcomp auxpass compound:prt
industrialist<-cc acl:relcl nmod:poss nmod
tie<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
competition<-det compound
authorize<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
source<-cop det nmod nsubj
interpret<-aux ccomp mark
ton<-case nummod nmod:tmod nmod
trigger<-dobj nsubj
Industries<-advmod nmod compound
Bank<-compound det amod
effort<-case compound nmod:poss amod
contest<-nsubj mark
two<-case det
addition<-case cop nsubj xcomp mark
see<-nmod:tmod nmod dobj
observe<-nsubj
Friday<-appos amod
hospital<-case det nmod
negotiate<-xcomp nsubj cc advmod dobj aux conj
figure<-nmod
demand<-det compound
issue<-cop nsubj det advmod mark
single-b-2<-nmod:npmod cop conj cc nmod
lawyer<-cc dep det
short<-cop advmod nmod advcl
Security<-case neg appos compound
respectable<-nsubj
tool<-cop amod det acl nsubj
grow<-aux dobj
Ga.<-compound
States<-case cop cc advmod det compound conj
9827/32<-case
corporation<-appos det compound
pact<-compound nmod:poss amod
body<-case amod
portend<-dep compound det advmod amod
pipeline<-det amod
Sorrell<-compound
vote<-case nummod det amod
opportunity<-cop advmod nmod acl
light<-case compound amod
carpet<-cc conj nsubj
establish<-parataxis nsubj cc nmod aux conj
ask<-xcomp aux dobj
product<-dep
volume<-acl:relcl nmod amod
hearing<-det compound
wholesome<-advmod
rush<-aux dobj nsubj
come<-auxpass advmod compound:prt
prepared<-xcomp
operation<-case dep amod
refinery<-case nmod:poss compound
stroke<-case acl amod
make<-aux dobj nmod mark
return<-ccomp
pervasive<-cop advmod nsubj
he<-cop nsubj neg advmod amod mark
ignore<-advcl dobj
declare<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod:tmod dobj
produce<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
good<-cop advmod nmod neg
liquid<-advmod
fund<-dep
Verwoerd<-case appos compound
ally<-case nmod:poss amod
hand<-compound det amod
bowl<-case advmod det amod
marketplace<-det amod
care<-cc aux advcl neg nsubj
subsidiary<-appos det amod
Courter<-dep compound
come<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
tell<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
idiosyncratic<-advmod
dispute<-case det amod
know<-aux dobj ccomp neg nsubj
serve<-aux dobj nmod advmod nsubj
fanciful<-cc conj
bedevil<-auxpass advcl
become<-dep aux ccomp nsubj
says.but<-xcomp dobj nsubj
irk<-dobj nmod mark
spend<-parataxis dep advmod dobj advcl mark
economics<-case det nmod
Lorin<-advmod compound
section<-case acl:relcl det amod
armory<-case dep acl:relcl
import<-dobj nsubj
maker<-nummod det compound
customer<-nmod compound
challenge<-dep dobj
warn<-xcomp nsubj dep advmod dobj aux
bank<-appos det nmod amod
reexamine<-dep cop nsubj
influence<-det nmod amod
pact<-det nmod
teaching<-xcomp dobj nmod mark
remain<-aux nsubj compound:prt nmod advcl
turn<-nsubj nmod compound:prt advcl aux dobj
system<-case advmod amod
I<-cc conj
compromise<-case advmod det
assumption<-case compound amod
600<-case dep det
transaction<-case det det:predet
harden<-dobj
people<-case cc conj det amod
2.875<-dep
stabilize<-mark
Gingrich<-compound
justify<-aux advcl
administer<-dobj nmod mark
persuade<-xcomp dobj nmod nsubj
do<-dep advmod mark
Dorgen<-compound
budgetary<-cop nsubj ccomp mark
Ford<-case compound
Bush<-det compound
open<-dep aux nmod neg
drop<-cop nmod
roar<-case cc conj det nmod
position<-case dep amod
commitment<-det
3.03<-dep
begin<-xcomp dep
highway<-case amod
difficulty<-case acl:relcl det
glamorous<-cc conj acl
start<-cop acl nmod nsubj
exclusivity<-case det
atmosphere<-case det amod
hole<-case cc det nmod compound conj
25.875<-case dep nmod
guess<-advcl aux nsubj neg mark
suggest<-advcl dobj mark
go<-cc xcomp compound:prt nmod nsubj
franchisee<-cc conj
Viacom<-case compound
cow<-nummod
socialize<-nmod
Broadcasting<-dep compound
man<-advcl
story<-case dep det
alive<-nsubj
second<-dep appos nmod
ticket<-case det
Gould<-case det compound
interested<-cop nsubj advmod mark
income<-nmod
provide<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
operative<-nmod amod
imply<-ccomp
coalition<-det
typical<-advmod
expect<-dep aux dobj
rough<-dep
insist<-nsubj ccomp advcl
branch<-compound:prt nmod mark
fare<-nmod:poss nmod compound
operation<-cc conj det compound
tout<-xcomp cop nsubj
penalty<-compound amod
Medicines<-case
type<-nmod:poss amod
bomb<-case
stickler<-cop nsubj dep advmod det nmod
dealer<-case det compound
state<-case cc nummod conj
ozarks.but<-case acl:relcl det
Foothills<-appos
1950s<-case det nmod amod
get<-xcomp advmod compound:prt nsubj
run<-advmod nsubj dobj nmod mark
impose<-advmod
advertising<-case nmod:poss
NATION<-case det
steel<-case nmod
counsel<-det nmod
program<-cc conj compound
settle<-dep nsubj
settle<-aux advcl dobj
drive<-aux nsubj nmod advmod mark
result<-acl:relcl det amod
sugar<-case cc conj amod
bank<-compound amod
crest<-case det nmod
Lewis<-case cc conj compound
study<-dep amod
Kakumaru<-appos compound
indicator<-case advmod amod
claimant<-case
executive<-case appos nmod:poss amod
reveal<-advmod ccomp nsubj
company<-dep advmod det compound
those<-aux cop nmod nsubj
basket<-case compound det amod
expertise<-case compound amod
allowance<-case
rally<-cc conj nmod mark
wipe<-dep auxpass advmod ccomp
faction<-cop acl:relcl det nmod
gold<-cc conj det amod
welcome<-cc advcl conj dobj nsubj
meat<-cop nsubj nmod amod acl:relcl aux
justify<-aux advmod ccomp neg nsubj
ribbon<-nmod
Europe<-case cc conj det
can<-xcomp nsubj
component<-det nmod amod
merely<-case
postpone<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
cut<-compound:prt nmod advmod nsubj
route<-case det amod
wheel<-case
high-interest<-advmod
stock<-cop advcl det nmod amod
courthouse<-case det compound
weather<-case amod
director<-nmod:poss compound
30<-dep
cost<-neg dobj auxpass nsubjpass iobj mark
few<-case det amod
remain<-dep xcomp advcl
one-tenth<-aux dobj ccomp nsubj
Phoenix<-appos
business<-cc conj nmod:poss
levamisole<-cc conj
company<-dep cc det
difficult<-xcomp cop mark
reveal<-aux ccomp neg nsubj
support<-aux nsubj dobj advcl mark
revolutionary<-cc cop dep conj neg
write<-xcomp aux
send<-parataxis cc advmod dobj advcl compound:prt
yank<-dobj mark
freedom<-cop advmod det amod acl:relcl compound
talk<-nmod:poss nmod
Forrester<-appos compound
Agricole<-case compound
complement<-nmod dobj
time<-case nummod nmod
first<-xcomp cop mark
station<-compound amod
Fatah<-neg compound amod
Katz<-appos compound
mink<-det compound
company<-dep det amod cc compound conj
gap<-det nmod
dozen<-acl:relcl det
example<-case cc conj det
Juilliard<-case cop advmod ccomp
manager<-compound det nmod amod
underscore<-aux dobj nsubj
hurt<-aux auxpass nmod
raise<-nsubj cc nmod dobj dep conj ccomp
vote<-nmod nsubj
engine<-case nmod:poss
Aviacion<-cc conj amod compound
president<-amod nmod:poss nmod nsubj
Thursday<-advmod
proliferation<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
profit<-xcomp dep
and<-parataxis dep dobj
primarily<-dep
design<-dobj
benefit<-case amod
associate<-nmod compound
center<-nmod amod
exchanges.These<-case compound
catalog<-case det amod
spinoff<-nmod:poss
close<-compound nmod nsubj
organize<-nmod dobj
drumroll<-cop det nmod
create<-xcomp
be<-nsubj neg advmod nmod mark expl
produce<-ccomp mark
life<-case nsubj advmod mark aux nmod:poss
Sardi<-case acl:relcl
Switzerland<-case nmod
workout<-det amod
share<-case dep nmod cc compound conj
textbook<-dep amod
finance<-dep dobj mark
Peter<-acl
fall<-nmod:tmod nmod dobj
50<-dep advmod compound
dividend<-dep advmod amod
serve<-nsubj nmod mark
appropriate<-cc cop conj advmod ccomp
plow<-nsubj compound:prt dobj mark
Frawley<-compound
$<-cop dep nummod advmod nmod cc compound conj
door<-nmod:poss acl
area<-case nummod amod
concur<-nsubj ccomp nmod mark
Jackson<-case compound
refuse<-case
offer<-cop nsubj cc nmod mark aux conj
discover<-ccomp nmod nsubj
area<-nmod:poss nmod
focus<-case det nmod amod
tiller<-case acl:relcl det amod
ruin<-nsubj dobj mark
coast<-case
balloon<-case
indicate<-dep aux nsubj
Parker<-compound
diet<-case det nmod amod
exercise<-xcomp mark
two<-acl:relcl nmod
export<-aux advmod dobj
decline<-compound amod
partner<-case det amod
have<-xcomp expl
buyer<-cc acl:relcl det amod
yesterday<-case det amod
Airport<-case nmod compound
ocean<-det
141/4<-dep compound
fill<-nmod advcl
afraid<-xcomp
lab<-cc cop conj nmod:poss compound
series<-case det
hole<-nummod nmod
behalf<-case cop cc nmod ccomp conj
scanner<-parataxis xcomp advmod nmod nsubj
suffer<-advcl advmod dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
effort<-cop acl nmod:poss nsubj
bill<-case cc conj compound
instrument<-dep cop det amod
dealer<-case det nmod
%<-case cc nummod advmod conj appos
vogue<-case
push<-advcl nmod compound:prt
buy<-cc advmod ccomp nsubj
graduate<-auxpass advcl nmod mark
costly<-aux cop nsubj
decision<-dep det nmod acl
sale<-det amod
cut<-advmod nsubj
down<-advcl aux cop nmod nsubj
help<-aux nsubj advmod dobj mark
antiquity<-case det
how<-cc dep
disdain<-case
2,940<-case
star<-acl:relcl nmod
incidence<-det nmod amod
transaction<-case det nmod
Zipper<-appos compound
send<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
bargain-hunting<-case
market<-cop nsubj cc det nmod amod aux conj acl
area<-det nmod
challenge<-cc conj nmod amod
brave<-case
chip<-dep det
motive<-dep
press<-advmod nmod nsubj
investment<-dep parataxis det
horse-breeding<-nmod
fit<-det
book<-case nmod:poss
Trotter<-case compound
condition<-nmod:poss amod
see<-aux advmod nmod advcl
skin<-cc conj det
Kilpatrick<-compound
lower<-dep dobj nmod mark
engage<-dobj mark
Equity<-compound
scatter<-compound nmod amod
baseline<-det nmod
have<-aux nsubj advmod mark
see<-nsubj dep compound:prt nmod dobj advcl aux mark
Hudson<-case acl:relcl det
divide<-aux auxpass nmod
state<-dep compound amod
mean<-dep ccomp nsubj
build<-aux nsubj dobj mark
uncertain<-cop nsubj dep advmod mark aux
visit<-aux dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
better<-cc appos advmod
oppose<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
move<-aux nsubj nmod advcl
victim<-det compound
choice<-cc neg acl
inherit<-nsubj cc neg dobj dep aux conj mark
Secord<-compound
counter<-dep nmod dobj
avoidance<-case compound amod
auction<-nmod:poss compound
disagreement<-cop advmod nmod neg
level<-cop nsubj nmod mark
star<-compound det amod
cloth<-case det amod
match<-compound det amod
tactic<-nmod amod
gripe<-det nmod
add<-cc nmod dobj
gamble<-nmod:poss amod
contamination<-det compound
consequence<-det nmod
right<-cc cop conj advmod nsubj
)<-case cc conj appos compound
management<-case compound det amod
crop<-dep amod
counterpart<-dep nmod
driver<-case amod
cost<-case det compound
horror<-dep det compound
give<-cc conj dobj ccomp nsubj
point<-case advmod det nmod
shut<-nsubj cc nmod compound:prt conj dobj
tractor<-appos det
hall.To<-case det
bestow<-nmod:npmod cop
attitude<-nmod:poss amod
interested<-cop advmod nmod
Bruno<-case
give<-advmod dobj mark
indication<-case nmod
idle<-aux nmod nsubj
earnings<-advmod nmod
trace<-cc nmod dobj
unveil<-aux nsubj nmod:tmod advmod mark
thing<-case acl:relcl det amod
simply<-case
partnership<-amod
425<-case dep
roll<-cc conj compound:prt dobj nsubj
revive<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
progress<-nmod nsubj
smile<-cc conj advmod nsubj
S&P<-cc nummod det conj
spend<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
depict<-ccomp
many<-cc acl:relcl
watch<-advmod dobj
basis<-case dep det nmod
consideration<-case compound amod
55,000<-advmod nmod
sow<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj
scale<-det compound
butterfat<-case nmod amod
deliver<-advmod nmod
file<-case compound
have<-aux advcl neg nsubj
origination<-compound amod
electrify<-cc cop conj nmod
maintain<-nmod dobj
perception<-dep nmod nsubj
price<-dep advmod nsubj
bless<-dobj mark
alluring<-cop advmod
link<-cop nsubj cc nmod ccomp conj dobj
weapons.he<-amod
compensation<-neg nmod amod
effort<-case nmod:poss amod
frame<-xcomp auxpass nmod
trap<-case compound det nmod amod
Co<-aux compound cop nsubj
select<-aux nsubj dobj nmod advcl
user<-nummod amod
structure<-cop mark
report<-advmod nmod
Bianchi<-compound
99.771<-case
pollinate<-advmod dobj nsubj
generate<-advmod nmod mark
dominate<-nmod
possible<-xcomp advmod nmod nsubj
damage<-cop nmod mark
Vermont<-case
trader<-advmod amod
lawmaker<-case det nmod
signal<-advmod ccomp nsubj
penalize<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj
quadruped<-cop cc det compound aux conj
design<-nmod dobj
trading<-advmod nmod mark
facility<-nmod:poss
monitor<-amod
see<-dep dobj advmod mark
competitive<-cop advmod
call<-xcomp cc nmod dobj conj mark
shock<-advmod det nmod amod
look<-compound
vote<-mark
tinkering<-case
bell<-neg
gendarme<-case det amod
fulmination<-compound
population<-nmod:poss compound
truly<-cop nmod nsubj
endorse<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
pension<-nmod:poss
lab<-case det compound
expert<-cop nmod nsubj
necessary<-advmod
own<-ccomp nsubj dobj nmod mark
episode<-dep det ccomp
severity<-det nmod
disease<-det
benefit<-aux nsubj dobj advmod mark
largely<-cop advmod ccomp nsubj
strategic<-cc conj
do<-xcomp aux nsubj advcl
mercy<-case det nmod
Pacific<-dep compound
madman<-det
tad<-det nmod
painless<-cc cop conj nsubj
forfeiture<-det nmod amod
cut<-dep dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
misstatement<-det nmod
log<-dobj nsubj
fit<-dep det
building<-case cop det nsubj
22.25<-case dep appos
loyal<-cop nsubj nmod:npmod neg advmod nmod
cause<-case det nmod
improvement<-cop acl:relcl compound
sell<-cc aux conj
award<-case
fall<-dobj advmod mark
intensify<-det compound
financing<-acl:relcl det
leap<-aux nmod
Angelo<-case det amod
problem<-cop nummod
}<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
match<-nmod dobj
Ind.<-case appos compound
trail<-det nmod
campus<-case advmod det nmod
indicate<-cc advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
reiterate<-ccomp nsubj dobj advcl
attempt<-xcomp advmod nsubj
raise<-nmod:tmod nmod mark
buy<-nsubj cc dobj aux conj ccomp
out-of-repair<-case cc conj det
soar<-nsubj ccomp nmod advmod mark
prediction<-parataxis nmod:poss compound
cheer<-auxpass nmod
damage<-det compound
roster<-det nmod
money<-det compound
complain<-nmod mark
creature<-case acl:relcl det amod
warrant<-det
deposit<-cc acl:relcl
recover<-dep
Franklin<-case
approach<-auxpass advmod nmod
disdain<-dobj mark
stockbroker<-case det compound
democracy<-case nmod
business<-case appos nmod:poss compound
jump<-ccomp nsubj
130,000<-advmod
sake<-case det acl
DJIA<-case det
debt<-det amod
line<-case amod
involve<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
alarm<-dep compound
step<-advmod amod
comfortable<-cop ccomp nsubj
survey<-case nummod compound
period<-det
collection<-case nmod:poss dep det compound
use<-xcomp aux mark
check<-aux dobj nsubj
unit-make<-xcomp nsubj
see<-nsubj nmod dobj
receive<-aux nsubj dobj mark
Tower<-case cc det nmod compound conj
1,000<-case dep compound
timetable<-nmod:poss compound
engineer<-case amod
economic<-cop
loss<-case acl:relcl det amod
be<-cc conj ccomp nmod nsubj
item<-det compound
board<-case nmod:poss compound
accord<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
moving.standard<-cc conj ccomp nsubj
Ford<-nmod
project<-compound
hurt<-nmod dobj
standard<-dep amod
rule<-nmod compound
4.99<-dep
mater<-case dep amod
flow<-case cc conj compound amod
mortgage<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
squat<-case auxpass advcl
turn<-appos nmod compound
dream<-dobj nmod nsubj
daunting<-advmod nmod
strip<-dobj mark
scheme<-case acl:relcl det amod
give<-nsubj neg advmod nmod compound:prt aux
ride<-case compound
magnitude<-det nmod
glut<-compound:prt dobj
demographic<-cc dep
duty<-nmod
court<-compound
Milken<-compound
1970<-case cop nsubj neg det amod ccomp
play<-cc aux xcomp
differ<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass advcl
husband<-cop appos nmod:poss nsubj
midnight<-case nmod:tmod
draw<-aux nmod mark
adjuster<-acl:relcl
Tokyo<-det
Tokyo<-dep
media<-dep det
force<-aux dobj nsubj
exciting<-advmod nsubj
Harriman<-case cc conj appos compound
sharp<-nmod:npmod nmod
operation<-case appos amod
encouragement<-cop det nmod amod
antibody<-dep amod
means<-xcomp cc conj advmod nsubj
military<-case nmod:poss amod
bond<-case cc conj amod
want<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
unit<-case nmod:poss nmod
introduce<-ccomp
bolster<-xcomp
debate<-cc case det amod
participate<-advmod nmod mark
rep<-cop nsubj det nmod amod
reserve<-case cc conj det amod
capable<-cop advcl neg
square<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod compound:prt
bill<-case dep det amod
battle<-case det amod
show<-acl:relcl nmod
worth<-det nmod
earnings<-nmod:poss acl
Imai<-appos compound
UAW<-dep det
Memphis<-dep
intention<-neg acl
show<-xcomp aux nsubj
law<-case cc conj det
20<-case cop nsubj advmod nmod ccomp
clear<-cop nmod
1986<-case cc conj det
team<-acl:relcl det nmod
Tokyo<-nmod compound
wear<-cc conj dobj nsubj
chief<-case det amod
it<-dep acl
window<-case det compound
ease<-aux dobj
athlete-s<-case det amod
convey<-nmod dobj
opposition<-cc cop compound nmod nsubj
developer<-compound
direction<-det nmod amod
expect<-dep parataxis dobj nsubj
store<-case cc conj appos compound
158,863<-case
worry<-amod
Mills<-compound
growth<-det nmod compound
Morocco<-cc conj
willing<-xcomp cop conj cc
face<-dobj compound:prt nsubj
focus<-dep nmod mark
lay<-auxpass nsubjpass
carry<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj conj
arrive<-xcomp nsubj nmod mark
Guevara<-case compound
secretary<-case nmod
start<-ccomp nmod:tmod nsubj
view<-cop nsubj amod advcl aux mark
standby<-det nmod amod
build<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj aux mark
divergence<-det nmod
Emirates<-det compound
friend<-case det amod
produce<-aux dobj neg nmod nsubj
watcher<-compound amod
gas<-case amod nmod compound
present<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
11114/32<-dep compound
tea<-case amod compound
instantly<-case
spill<-det
assume<-cop nsubj ccomp advmod advcl
limit<-advmod dobj
help<-xcomp csubj mark
characterize<-aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod
slow<-aux nsubj compound:prt mark
breed<-det nmod amod
bind<-xcomp cop
pollution<-compound
have<-mark dobj
Manitoba<-compound
appeal<-aux dobj nsubj
jury<-dep det
equipment<-compound acl:relcl amod
gain<-advcl dobj
prod<-aux advcl dobj
remodel<-dep cop advmod
spend<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
puncher<-det
project<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
exert<-aux nmod nsubj
647.33<-cc conj
consider<-xcomp aux nsubj advmod mark
crop<-case amod
veto<-dobj mark
shares.DWG<-ccomp
promotion<-nmod amod
chemical<-case appos advmod det amod
month<-case dep nummod det nmod amod
lender<-case amod
guideline<-nummod det
plan<-advcl nsubj mark
Amira<-case
see<-aux nsubj nmod neg dobj
make<-xcomp nsubj dep advmod cc advcl aux conj
responsible<-nmod nsubj
week<-case cc conj amod
warning<-case det nmod
Funding<-compound
this<-dep amod
trust<-acl:relcl det
opportunity<-compound
emphasis<-acl:relcl det
recommend<-aux dobj neg nsubj
increase<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
meeting<-det amod
Bridge<-case acl:relcl det compound
share<-case nmod compound
rich<-advmod
topple<-dep nmod
audit<-case nmod
decide<-nmod mark
taboo<-det amod
improvement<-case cc conj compound amod
dissent<-aux nmod nsubj
guarantee<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
down<-cop nsubj advcl mark
direction<-case cc conj amod
strategy<-dep nmod:poss acl
shopper<-amod
margin<-dep det nmod amod
say<-parataxis dobj nsubj
half-year<-dep nsubj
yen<-case cop nsubj cc nummod advmod nmod conj
work<-advmod nsubj nmod mark
leg<-advmod det nmod compound
Force<-case det compound
fly<-det nmod amod
arrest<-advmod dobj nmod mark
day<-det nmod compound
house<-nmod:poss
then<-cop nsubj nmod mark
sender<-compound
smoker<-case
translate<-aux nsubj nmod mark
purchase<-dep advmod nmod dobj
dabble<-auxpass advmod nmod
chamber<-case det nmod compound
price<-case nmod:poss nmod
14,000<-dep
consider<-advcl dobj nmod mark
company<-cc cop conj nmod
retain<-xcomp
chairman<-parataxis cop nmod nsubj
thrive<-advmod
cycling<-xcomp
believe<-cc ccomp nsubj
fugitive<-nmod compound
response<-case det compound
check<-xcomp mark
receptionist<-det
adoption<-case det nmod
present<-cop nmod ccomp
leader<-case dep
ever<-nmod
bicycle<-cc conj dobj nsubj
phone<-xcomp nsubj
Manila<-dep
methodology<-dep nmod:poss compound
268.98<-case dep acl:relcl
write<-nsubj dep neg nmod dobj aux
threaten<-cop advmod advcl nsubj
response<-cop det nmod mark
contention<-cop ccomp nmod:poss neg nsubj
opponent<-nmod:poss amod
Chairman<-cc conj
night<-case amod
rubble<-dep det
proceedings<-case
modest<-advmod
conceive<-nsubj advmod dobj mark
oil<-case nummod
show<-aux nsubj ccomp neg mark
name<-nsubj dobj nmod advcl
bring<-advmod nmod:tmod nmod dobj
Lynch<-cc dep conj cc:preconj compound
post<-compound det amod
Lynch<-dep compound
board<-det acl
add<-aux compound:prt nmod neg nsubj
8.875<-case dep
ask<-xcomp advcl dobj nsubj
underperform<-aux nmod nsubj
navy<-case det nmod
charge<-case nummod compound
speak<-advmod compound:prt nmod:tmod nsubj
73.50<-case dep nmod
supervise<-xcomp advcl nsubj
Inc.<-case appos compound amod
room<-aux compound cop expl
sort<-case cop det nmod amod
restart<-cc neg xcomp
inactivation<-advmod det nmod
plan<-xcomp dobj nsubj
interpretation<-cop nsubj det nmod amod mark
distort<-nsubj dobj mark
us<-dep advmod
wall<-case det amod
Milwaukee<-case
group<-nmod amod
Hunt<-dep compound
insure<-advcl cop nsubj advmod mark
shed<-advcl dobj nsubj
commanding<-ccomp nsubj
group<-acl:relcl det nmod
hundred<-nmod compound
look<-xcomp aux advcl nsubj
promoter<-acl:relcl det
advertising<-case compound det amod
System<-acl:relcl det compound
there<-dep cop
hallmark<-nmod:poss
people<-nmod:poss
opinion<-det amod
prize<-cc case conj
pause<-dep nmod nsubj
fall<-cc conj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
aim<-nmod:poss amod
give<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
sensitive<-xcomp cop nsubj advmod mark
crime<-case nmod:poss
credential<-nmod:poss compound
drop<-dep det nmod
chemistry<-case nmod
job<-dep det
criticize<-aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
capital-gains<-case compound
hostile<-cc advmod
story<-case nmod
potential<-det nmod
destroy<-aux advmod dobj
union<-case appos det compound
see<-advcl dobj mark
failure<-case nmod:poss acl
Malcolm<-cc conj
shop<-case amod
plan<-case cc conj compound
agency<-nummod
Inc.<-case amod compound
dog<-cop nsubj nmod mark
powerful<-case advmod det nmod
desk<-case cop nsubj cc neg nmod:poss
racehorse<-dep nmod
seek<-aux nsubj dobj advcl mark
extract<-ccomp
group<-case nummod det nmod amod
cease<-xcomp mark
half<-case cc det nmod amod conj
abandon<-dobj nsubj
expect<-aux ccomp
roll<-case cop det nsubj
confused<-advmod
judgment.we<-amod
1523.22<-case nmod
Partners<-case appos compound
centerpiece<-cop det nmod nsubj
anti-soviet<-advmod
molecule<-dep det
train<-dobj nmod mark
market<-cc conj det
structure<-acl:relcl
hold<-nsubj dobj nmod:tmod mark
computer<-acl
release<-cop advmod nsubj
cut<-nsubj compound:prt mark advcl aux dobj
Showtime<-cc conj
mortgage<-case det nmod amod
failure<-case cc conj nmod:poss acl
Parks<-appos compound
re-establish<-dobj nmod mark
trouble<-case cop nsubj xcomp nmod amod mark
equal<-amod
theater<-case det compound
rate<-case amod compound
repurchase<-dobj mark
consultant<-cc conj
tax<-case cc conj nmod:poss amod
lbo<-case nummod
help<-dobj compound:prt
classify<-dobj nsubj
Freight<-dep compound
player<-acl:relcl
establish<-cc conj dobj mark
bias<-cop nsubj
competitor<-case det
obtain<-advcl nsubj nmod mark
enjoy<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
future<-compound amod
Center<-det nmod compound
Hiss<-compound
Gardens<-case nmod compound
defense<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
report<-nmod ccomp
Division<-nmod:poss compound
run<-advmod dobj mark
reflect<-nsubj dep neg mark aux dobj
accountant<-compound
violate<-nmod dobj
Blumenfeld<-compound
Hamilton<-acl:relcl compound
host<-nmod:tmod
whirlwind<-nmod amod
person<-acl:relcl det
Yardeni<-appos compound
leveraged<-aux advmod ccomp nsubj
as<-mwe advcl
issue<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
notion<-nmod
partner<-acl:relcl compound nmod:poss nmod amod
Digital<-case compound
fall<-compound advmod det nmod amod
expand<-dobj advmod mark
breaker<-case det compound
dump<-case compound det amod
announce<-aux nmod advcl
treat<-aux advmod dobj
stuff<-cc cop conj det nmod
about-face<-det nmod amod
France<-cc conj acl:relcl nmod
produce<-advmod nmod dobj
jogging<-cc conj nmod
management<-case compound amod
wage<-case acl:relcl det compound
Times<-det
shareholder<-det compound
time-consuming<-cop nsubj mark
bid<-dep nmod compound
Charleston<-cc conj
state<-compound det amod
provide<-xcomp mark
covenant<-compound
end<-appos nmod:poss nmod compound
structure<-case compound nmod:poss amod
like<-nsubj neg advmod nmod dobj aux
privilege<-dep amod
performance<-dep cop det nmod
1982<-case acl:relcl
sell<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
partner<-case compound
sure<-case
complex<-det nmod amod
welfare<-cop advmod nmod amod
restructuring<-case dep det
pay<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
dealer<-case cc conj
enhance<-aux nsubj dobj advmod mark
bring<-nsubj advcl dobj advmod mark
receivable<-case nmod:poss compound
hit<-ccomp nsubj
weakest<-nsubj nmod mark
earn<-dobj advmod mark
requisition<-dobj nmod nsubj
couple<-case nummod
open<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
clarinetist<-det amod
lily<-det
technology<-case dep compound amod
Puttnam<-compound amod
bond<-case nmod
emphasis<-case det nmod
uncertain<-nmod:npmod cop conj cc
leave<-advmod mark
image<-case nmod:poss amod
kill<-nsubj
passion<-det nmod
shock<-cc cop conj advcl
2161.9<-case advmod
extend<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
island<-cop amod det nmod nsubj
Nellcor<-appos
set<-xcomp ccomp
able<-xcomp cop dep
chase<-advcl dobj
indict<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
relationship<-nmod:poss nmod amod
failure<-cc det ccomp
expect<-xcomp advcl nsubj dobj mark
cover<-cop det acl
show<-aux advmod compound:prt dobj nsubj
rival<-case cc appos cc:preconj amod conj nmod:poss
couple<-case dep advmod compound
evidence<-case advmod
look<-aux nmod mark
quantify<-dobj mark
look<-xcomp nsubj mark
worst<-case
goal<-case det acl
core<-det acl
another<-case appos
Pot<-compound
Cuba<-case dep advmod
material<-compound
marketplace<-case det nmod
pilot<-case
killer<-compound det nmod amod
buy<-advcl compound:prt dobj nmod mark
office<-cc conj nmod amod
1985<-cc conj
win<-xcomp advmod dobj nsubj
Court<-acl:relcl det compound
time<-acl:relcl amod
potpourri<-advmod det nmod amod
immunity<-case appos amod
pany<-dep nmod
couple<-nummod compound
Falls<-compound
tell<-nsubj cc nmod dobj conj ccomp
loss<-nummod
1920s<-case det
127/8<-dep nmod compound
close<-nmod:npmod
Fossey<-case det compound
expect<-xcomp discourse nsubj
run<-aux nsubj compound:prt mark
halt<-dep cc conj advmod nsubj
union<-appos det
strength<-amod
question<-advmod ccomp nsubj
describe<-ccomp
hire<-advcl
cent<-nummod compound nmod:poss nmod amod
Neb.<-case compound
slate<-nmod:poss nmod
hear<-mark
boost<-xcomp advmod nsubj
mean<-ccomp nmod nsubj
settle<-aux advcl neg nsubj
comparison<-compound det amod
create<-dep dobj iobj mark
dangerous<-cc cop conj
quote<-dep advmod nmod ccomp cc auxpass nsubjpass conj
auction<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
restaurant<-parataxis nmod:poss compound
delay<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
judge<-compound det nmod amod
own<-nmod:npmod cop nmod
come<-advcl advmod compound:prt
thing<-dep advmod
respond<-nmod advcl
exit<-case nummod
bury<-nmod
U.K.<-dep nsubj dobj
mite<-det
Pfeiffer<-compound
trade<-xcomp advmod compound:prt dobj nsubj
death<-case amod
shocking<-cop
owe<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj advcl aux
mail<-advmod mark
country<-cop compound
infidelity<-dep nsubj ccomp
application<-case amod
decide<-dep advmod csubj mark
terminal<-dep compound
per-capita<-dep nsubj nmod dobj
ought<-nsubj ccomp mark
Store<-case nmod compound
wife<-cc conj
bear<-dep aux nmod compound:prt
digit<-case nmod amod
classical<-nsubj nmod mark
regime.instead<-det
handle<-nsubj ccomp dobj
performance<-case compound det nmod amod
proceed<-cc aux nmod nsubj
say<-cc nsubj dobj conj mark
judge<-advmod nmod mark
expose<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
Bridge<-acl det compound
tariff<-case dep det
concerned<-cop advmod nmod
meter<-case advmod amod
ill-considered<-cc conj
uyl<-dep compound
hedge<-nmod mark
push<-cc conj nmod compound:prt
dispel<-dobj nmod mark
mile<-cc dep nummod conj nsubj
holding<-compound det nmod amod
finding<-dep cop det nmod
advance<-nmod
overseas<-nmod
narrator<-nmod:poss
prepayment<-case
insurer<-case det nmod amod
transfer<-dep cc conj nmod dobj
Borner<-nmod compound
103/4<-dep nmod compound
wait<-aux nmod neg
make<-xcomp aux nmod
173/4<-case
%<-case dep nummod appos
stock<-case nummod amod
offer<-aux dobj nmod neg
tan<-cc conj
effectiveness<-det nmod
proof<-dep
itemize<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
Today<-case compound
disk<-case det
provide<-aux ccomp nsubj
advance<-case compound
on<-aux cop neg nsubj
Bank<-case cc cc:preconj det compound conj
powdered<-cc conj
corn<-dep acl:relcl det amod
tremor<-case acl:relcl det amod
Treasury<-dep amod
agreement<-amod det det:predet
make<-aux nsubj dobj
act<-cop mark
push<-cop nsubj mark
negligibly<-nmod compound
demand<-case det nmod compound
land<-case cop compound
Care<-case compound
mainframe<-nmod:poss acl
officer<-case compound
campaign<-case compound nmod:poss acl:relcl amod
continue<-xcomp advcl nsubj mark
foot<-case nmod:poss
prepay<-aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod neg
catch<-cc conj
sooner<-det
Brown<-dep compound
work<-case nmod:poss compound
income<-dep case acl:relcl amod
bacterium.it<-case advmod det compound
organize<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
exclude<-nsubj nmod dobj
insistence<-advmod nmod:poss nmod
share<-advcl dobj iobj nsubj
appraisal<-case
translate<-advmod nmod
wield<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
bill<-case appos det amod
declaration<-compound
minister<-det nmod amod
TWA<-case
job<-nummod nmod:poss compound
supporter<-dep nmod nsubj
respect<-case
Parliament<-det
prove<-ccomp
office<-dep det
291/4<-dep compound
member<-case dep
decision<-cc conj det compound
Congress<-case cop
idea<-dep amod
higher<-case advmod
involve<-dep nmod nsubj
income<-acl:relcl nmod amod
Endowment<-case det nmod compound
52<-acl:relcl
walk<-advmod nmod nsubj
castle<-nmod:poss
stuff<-case det amod
interesting<-advmod
enact<-cop advmod mark
part<-nsubj mark
stay<-nsubj nmod mark
activity<-case dep nmod
offer<-cop nsubj neg advmod acl:relcl aux
more<-dep cop nmod:npmod ccomp
divide<-cc advmod nmod auxpass nsubjpass conj
focus<-compound:prt dobj advmod mark
season<-case advmod amod
individually<-nmod
slip<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
nostalgia<-cc conj
play<-aux advcl nsubj
project<-det nmod
plan<-compound det acl:relcl amod
catch<-cc cop advmod nmod
acute<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
$<-dep nummod nmod amod
road<-det compound
positive<-cc conj
rule<-nmod:poss
unit<-nmod amod
serve<-cc conj dobj
136<-parataxis nmod:tmod nmod dobj
allow<-ccomp mark
Nobels<-advmod
abandon<-dobj mark
rise<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
permanent<-nsubj
expert<-case cc conj compound
arguments.Yet<-nsubj cc nmod ccomp conj dobj
gain<-aux cop nmod amod expl
have<-dobj iobj nmod mark
70<-advmod acl:relcl nmod
vow<-dep det compound
201/4<-case
highway<-cc conj compound
space<-case appos
goods<-nummod
insist<-cc auxpass nmod
japanese<-case amod
slowdown<-det nmod amod
coverage<-case nmod
Armstrong<-case cc conj appos
pick<-aux nsubj compound:prt dobj mark
try<-xcomp nsubj cc advmod aux conj
plunge<-aux nmod dobj
take<-nsubj nmod advcl
spin<-cc conj nmod compound:prt
175<-case acl:relcl
Auvil<-compound
many<-discourse nmod
troubled<-cop advmod
just<-advmod advcl
Mitsukoshi<-cc acl:relcl
sterilize<-aux nsubj
push<-xcomp nsubj
point<-dep compound
mean<-advmod dobj nsubj
seethe<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
settlement<-case det nmod
sale<-dep nmod compound
Apple<-case
add<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj mark
couple<-case det
York<-dep det compound
Stein<-compound
get<-nsubj advmod nmod compound:prt aux dobj
picture<-dep nummod
Medicare<-case cc conj nmod
tell<-aux ccomp dobj
court<-compound det amod
turn<-xcomp nsubj advmod mark
shopper<-acl:relcl
regard<-aux nsubj nmod mark
balk<-advmod nmod nsubj
House<-case cc cc:preconj det compound conj
counter<-case compound det amod
wag<-nummod
reduction<-cop amod det acl:relcl nsubj
ad<-case det nmod amod
financier<-acl:relcl det amod
year<-cop ccomp advmod det nsubj
way<-case acl
payment<-det nmod compound
sport<-case amod
satire<-case det nmod amod
scrap<-cc conj advmod nmod dobj
company<-case nummod det nmod
processing<-case nmod amod
Skinner<-nmod:poss compound
likely<-xcomp cop nsubj neg advcl
revamp<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
spot<-case dep nmod amod
department<-case compound
declare<-advcl nsubj dobj mark
border<-case nmod:poss amod
savvy<-cop nmod nsubj
hour<-appos advmod det compound
recommend<-ccomp
cosmetic<-amod
blockbuster<-det
know<-aux nmod neg nsubj
Federated<-case cc conj
photograph<-nmod compound
brokers.this<-compound amod
drug<-compound acl amod
fend<-advcl compound:prt dobj mark
advertisement<-case appos det
temptation<-case det acl
(<-dep compound
distribute<-aux nsubj
buy-out<-case cc conj det amod
change<-nsubj nmod mark
patrolling<-nmod
trade<-dobj
side<-case det nmod
capacity<-case acl det amod
exercise<-nsubj advmod mark
trial<-case acl:relcl det
go<-xcomp dep
Scudder<-case cc conj
give<-dep dobj mark
forecast<-det compound
rescind<-dobj mark
shape<-dobj mark
broadcast<-case nmod
party<-nummod det
option<-acl
window<-case appos det amod
equipment<-case compound amod
Merkur<-case
magazine<-acl:relcl det
demand<-aux cop nmod expl
brand<-aux cop acl:relcl nmod nsubj
unaware<-cop ccomp
rise<-advcl dobj advmod mark
make<-advmod ccomp mark
citizen<-dep appos advmod amod
below<-case
enjoy<-xcomp nsubj cc neg advmod aux conj
merchandise<-case acl:relcl amod
deprive<-auxpass advmod nmod
be<-xcomp neg expl
1989<-cc conj
scrap<-cop nmod
suspect<-dep nsubj dobj
throat<-case det
carrier<-dep
prevent<-cc conj dobj nmod mark
10323/32<-dep compound
holding<-case amod
deviation<-det nmod
task<-acl det amod
indication<-cop nsubj det mark
regulate<-aux nmod neg nsubj
lot<-dep neg det
add<-xcomp nsubj dobj nmod mark
irk<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
egg<-case
ought<-nsubj advmod ccomp mark
angst<-case amod det acl:relcl det:predet
picking<-dep compound
furrier<-dep nmod amod
long<-dep advmod nmod
expense<-case compound nmod:poss amod
measure<-case nmod compound
restructuring<-nmod:poss nmod
weaken<-advcl
inaccessible<-nmod nsubj
SCHWARTZ<-compound
farm<-amod
neophyte<-dobj
growth.we<-amod
fund<-dep compound amod
miss<-advcl dobj mark
conduct<-det
Payson<-appos compound
poll<-compound det amod
Sihanouk<-compound
experience<-dep cop nmod
(<-cc conj
uncle<-case det amod
replace<-nsubj dobj mark
objectivity<-nmod:poss
stabilize<-dobj
contract<-case det nmod amod
dozen<-det
semiconductor<-case cc conj
socialist<-cc cop amod nsubj
organize<-advmod nmod nsubj
sideshow<-cop acl:relcl det nmod
Tracers<-case cc conj det compound
bastion<-case det nmod amod
fear<-cop acl:relcl nmod
oddly<-nmod
partnership<-case det amod
city<-case
be<-parataxis nsubj nmod:tmod expl
need<-dep dobj nsubj
leader<-det compound
ramification<-amod
juror<-acl:relcl compound
tribute<-parataxis cop det nmod
dissident<-nmod
EST<-case nummod advmod
cargo<-case compound amod
Blair<-case det compound
discuss<-mark
day<-acl:relcl det amod
solicitous<-cop nsubj nmod advmod mark
clothes<-nmod:poss
tell<-nmod
luck<-acl det amod
impose<-cc conj dobj mark
dry<-aux advmod compound:prt dobj nsubj
recovery<-nmod:poss nmod
west<-dep dobj
price<-compound det nmod amod
Drogoul<-compound
air<-dobj nmod nsubj
demilitarize<-aux dobj nsubj
knock<-dep nmod auxpass nsubjpass advcl aux
phenomenon<-cop advmod det amod
measure<-acl:relcl amod
rise<-case acl:relcl det nmod amod
take<-dep nmod
Francisco<-case dep compound
areas.the<-amod
ratio<-dep det nmod
punishment<-det amod
make<-dep nsubj dobj advmod mark
production<-amod nmod:poss compound
form<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
city<-case dep amod
liftoff<-det nmod
Mirage<-cc conj det
head<-cop compound advmod nmod nsubj
immunity<-cop compound acl:relcl amod
leader<-case advmod amod
certificate<-det
cost<-xcomp cc conj nsubj
work<-advmod nmod ccomp
Well<-cc conj compound
multinational<-advmod
t<-dobj
ruling<-nmod:poss ccomp
competitor<-compound amod
discussion<-case det nmod amod
postpone<-dobj nsubj
seem<-xcomp parataxis expl
Hudson<-case det
trader<-acl:relcl nmod compound
restate<-aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod
fear<-cc dobj nsubj
vehicle<-det compound
sign<-dep nummod
provision<-acl:relcl amod
Animal<-det compound
meet<-cc conj nmod:tmod nmod mark
fabricate<-dep dobj mark
support<-compound det amod
own<-compound:prt nmod mark
focus<-xcomp advmod nmod nsubj
give<-compound:prt
engage<-cop nsubj advmod mark advcl aux
all<-case dep conj
assuage<-advmod dobj mark
giant<-amod
voter<-nummod nmod:poss
Windsor<-appos compound
Dinkins<-dep
platinum<-dep compound
union<-appos det compound
german<-case acl:relcl det amod
gain<-case det acl acl:relcl compound amod
bill<-aux dobj neg nsubj
planner<-case compound
exclusivity<-case
forecast<-case nummod nmod:poss
Hyundai<-case acl:relcl
Steinhardt<-case
plug<-nmod dobj
six-month<-case cc conj cc:preconj
set<-aux compound:prt dobj nsubj
move<-compound:prt nsubj
mig-1<-nmod:npmod cop nmod
decelerate<-cop nmod:tmod nmod
mark<-advmod nmod nsubj
verdict<-compound det nmod amod
grow<-xcomp advcl
pay<-aux nmod:tmod nmod dobj
Bradley<-case cc conj nmod:poss compound
provision<-nummod
underwrite<-nmod nsubj
establish<-aux dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
MacInnis<-appos compound
Runkel<-compound
complaint<-case amod
concern<-advmod amod
adult<-dep cop acl:relcl nsubj
public<-det acl
poor<-dep cc conj
dean<-det nmod amod
import<-case cc conj det
n.m.-based<-amod
bring<-aux nmod dobj
idea<-case acl:relcl det
convertible<-cop nsubj cc neg nmod mark conj
(<-advmod ccomp
seek<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
survive<-xcomp advmod nsubj
marketer<-det nmod amod
supplement<-det
correction<-case acl det amod
oversubscribed.Essar<-cop ccomp nsubj
more<-cc conj nmod
debate<-det compound
notion<-det amod
decade<-case det nmod
issue<-dobj mark
introduce<-nmod nsubj
statement<-case det amod
hardware<-cc conj
swallow<-case auxpass compound:prt
such<-cop advcl ccomp
decision<-case det
generation<-case det nmod
abrupt<-cop advmod nmod advcl
respond<-ccomp nsubj
rate<-case cc det amod compound conj
year<-cc cop nummod conj nsubj
Spielvogel<-case
crucial<-nmod
aim<-ccomp nsubj
adopt<-advcl dobj mark
coupon<-amod
Arabia<-appos advmod compound
fall<-cc conj nmod compound
Deng<-case compound
Sachs<-case cc conj compound
Co.<-appos det compound
tritium<-case nmod
Evans<-cc conj
agent<-case amod
maintain<-nsubj dobj mark
18.375<-case dep
hurt<-aux dobj advmod nsubj
capacity<-case compound
judge<-ccomp nsubj
device<-aux amod acl:relcl nmod cop
advent<-case nmod:poss
Europe<-det amod
be<-dep cc conj ccomp
target<-case nmod:poss nmod
essential<-xcomp cop nsubj mark
bastion<-cop det nmod nsubj
promise<-case det nmod
cookbook<-nsubj mark
result<-dep nmod:poss
condition<-acl compound
34996.08<-case
believe<-dep advmod nsubj
%<-case cc conj det compound
standard<-case compound amod
stock<-dep compound amod
carry<-dep advcl dobj nsubj
utility<-det
Newman<-case compound
make<-advcl nsubj
experiment<-compound acl:relcl amod
disarray<-case cop appos nmod
far<-xcomp advmod
Americans<-det compound
exchange<-case nmod:poss compound
raise<-cc aux dobj ccomp nsubj
crack<-det
Boeing<-case cc conj
involve<-aux advmod dobj nsubj
call<-aux cop advmod nsubj
reverse<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
take<-aux nmod mark
confidence<-case nmod amod
747<-case
get<-aux advmod nsubj
Dabney<-appos amod compound
tax<-compound amod
pressure<-case nmod compound
zoom<-aux nmod nsubj
make<-xcomp cc conj cc:preconj mark
unchanged<-cop advmod
do<-advcl compound:prt mark
timidity<-case nmod
brave<-advmod
fancy<-advmod
construct<-xcomp
build<-parataxis nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj
approve<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
17<-cop
percent<-dep nmod amod
part<-case acl:relcl amod
start<-nsubj mark
shortage<-det
determine<-nmod
profit<-nmod:poss acl
raise<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj advcl aux
currency<-cop nsubj neg det amod compound mark
nearly<-neg ccomp
jury<-dep det compound
conversation<-case det nmod compound
beat<-dep xcomp compound:prt dobj mark
fellow<-nsubj ccomp advcl
interested<-dep cop nsubj nmod mark
1.42<-dep
delay<-ccomp
suppose<-dobj mark
they<-dep cc conj
survey<-compound det amod
work<-cc nummod conj compound
week<-nmod
sheet<-case nummod advmod
disorder<-case det compound
level<-compound
proceedings<-case amod
coupon<-cc conj advmod
diversify<-nsubj cc neg nmod aux conj
enjoin<-dep auxpass nsubjpass nmod
push<-cop nsubj cc nmod mark conj
company<-cc conj amod
visitor<-xcomp advmod nmod mark
skip<-dobj
spirit<-det compound
leave<-dobj advmod mark
purchase<-nsubj dobj advcl
contain<-cc parataxis conj ccomp nsubj
study<-nummod amod
Stone<-case
demonstration<-dep det
die<-aux nsubj
fundamentalist<-det amod
clamber<-compound amod det nmod det:predet
logic<-parataxis cop advmod det nmod amod
roll<-compound:prt advmod mark
woman<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
detail<-case cc conj acl amod
Infiniti<-dep
failure<-nummod nmod amod
season<-nmod:poss
communist<-case
gain<-dep advmod nsubj
context<-case
account<-cc conj compound
hope<-cc xcomp parataxis
amaze<-dobj mark
put<-auxpass nmod ccomp
generate<-aux nsubj mark
success<-case cc conj nmod:poss
investment<-dep det amod
liberalization<-cc conj det nmod amod
bank<-advmod det amod
daughter<-cc conj nmod:poss amod
Associates<-case compound amod
occasion<-case acl:relcl det
10th<-nmod
kick<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
value<-aux nmod:tmod nmod cop
sell<-cc conj dobj iobj mark
practice<-acl:relcl det
annual<-appos
affair<-nummod compound amod
431/4<-case
certain<-cop nsubj ccomp neg mark
worry<-det
none<-case
Johns<-cc conj det compound
share<-case dep nummod conj cc
hail<-compound amod
kick<-auxpass compound:prt
corner<-det
coupon<-case amod
Straszheim<-nmod compound
designate<-advmod
foot<-nummod advmod
sympathy<-nmod
Line<-compound
happen<-cc conj nmod
undercut<-nmod nsubj
lead<-cop nmod nsubj
consider<-nsubj dobj ccomp
widespread<-advmod advcl
smart<-xcomp cop nsubj advmod mark aux
daze<-case det nmod
17.2<-advmod
remain<-xcomp dep advcl mark
crush<-dobj nmod mark
size<-case cc conj
begin<-xcomp nsubj neg mark advcl aux
Novo/Nordisk<-case appos
cash<-cc conj nmod:poss
one<-cop acl
expect<-xcomp nsubj cc dobj advcl aux
eager<-xcomp cop nsubj advmod mark aux
legerdemain<-case
fervor<-case advmod amod
profoundly<-case amod
swing<-case amod
bomb<-det amod
throw<-xcomp mark
organ<-case det nmod
deny<-aux nsubj advcl dobj mark
agencies.i<-case amod compound
sell<-advcl compound:prt mark
susceptible<-advcl
}<-xcomp
contingency<-amod
shopping<-case amod compound
book<-case appos advmod det compound
found<-dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
statement<-case dep det
branch<-case nmod:poss compound
bad<-cop nsubj nmod mark
pill<-nmod compound
holding<-nsubj dobj mark
stock<-case acl
473/4<-case
venture<-nmod:poss nmod
Changyi<-dep appos compound
damage<-appos amod
secretary<-dep nummod acl:relcl
up<-advcl aux advmod nmod nsubj
publisher<-det nmod amod
Larsen<-case cc det nmod compound conj
name<-dep det nmod amod
power<-compound amod
grow<-compound:prt nmod:tmod nsubj
few<-advmod nmod
study<-advmod
deliver<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
signal<-xcomp
Institutes<-case det nmod compound
46,892<-case dep appos
consumer<-case compound det amod
reschedule<-xcomp nsubj ccomp
top<-case compound
respond<-nsubj neg advmod nmod mark aux
walk<-nsubj cc nmod compound:prt aux conj
contract<-compound det amod
prop<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
selling<-nmod compound
creep<-auxpass compound:prt
risk<-advcl dobj nmod mark
realization<-cop ccomp det nmod amod
one<-dep neg
difficulty<-neg
competitor<-compound
Club<-case appos det compound
climb<-cc conj dobj ccomp nsubj
environment<-compound amod
war<-det nmod amod
851/4<-advmod
contemplate<-nsubj dobj mark
rupture<-det
leader<-case compound det amod
section<-case det compound
budget<-case nmod amod
Press<-case compound
lender<-case compound det amod
campaign<-appos det
government<-acl:relcl det amod
spot<-advmod iobj dobj nsubj
241/4<-dep compound
distribute<-dep aux advmod nmod dobj
test<-nummod nmod
weeklong<-case nmod:poss
show<-dep compound amod
subpoena<-case acl:relcl
proceed<-cc aux nsubj
display<-dobj nsubj
peer<-xcomp nsubj
university<-det
form<-xcomp dobj nmod nsubj
quote<-xcomp aux cop nsubj
91/8<-dep nmod compound
higher<-dep nmod:npmod nmod
plane<-cc conj
story.warner<-nummod
coast<-case acl:relcl det compound
collapse<-appos acl:relcl nmod:poss
call<-advmod compound:prt dobj csubj nsubj
sign<-cc conj compound:prt nsubj
hurt<-xcomp aux nsubj
clothe<-compound det nmod advmod amod
death<-acl:relcl nmod
April<-case cc conj nmod
View<-case compound
relation<-case cc conj nmod:poss amod
probably<-nmod:npmod advcl
resume<-xcomp
16th<-cc conj
investment<-case cc conj compound amod
say<-cc conj ccomp nmod nsubj
malcontent<-det compound
protection<-compound det amod
House<-nmod
shift<-amod
small<-cc conj advmod
stock<-compound acl:relcl amod
wealth<-nmod nsubj
one-third<-nmod:npmod nmod
answer<-cop nsubj mark
quit<-xcomp ccomp nsubj
question<-case acl:relcl
baseball<-nmod
revenue<-compound acl amod
european<-cc conj
friendship<-case compound det amod
apartment<-det nmod
objective<-amod
rip<-auxpass nsubjpass ccomp
loyalty.more<-nmod:npmod neg
repeat<-dobj mark
threaten<-advcl aux dobj nmod nsubj
feminist<-det nmod
healing<-det
visitor<-amod
cause<-case compound det nmod amod
prosperity<-amod
sanction<-aux cop nsubj
773/8<-dep compound
LIN<-compound
199,203<-case dep
advise<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
Lorin<-dep compound
pump<-compound:prt dobj mark
much<-cc cop conj advmod ccomp
polyethylene<-cc conj appos
panamanian<-det
arrest<-ccomp
call<-xcomp dep nsubj
operational<-cop advmod nmod:tmod mark
year<-case cop amod nsubj
hypoglycemia<-case nmod
administer<-dobj nsubj
catch<-aux nmod mark
select<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
appear<-xcomp nsubj advmod mark
welcome<-cc conj nsubj dobj mark
drown<-compound:prt dobj mark
486.74<-case
want<-nsubj neg dobj advcl aux mark
undertake<-aux advcl
counseling<-advcl
shut<-dobj mark
get<-advcl compound:prt dobj mark
bullish<-advmod nmod
Glass<-cc acl:relcl compound
obsolete<-cc conj
fountain<-case cc conj nmod:poss compound
noise<-case det nmod det:predet
consider<-xcomp nsubj advcl
resistance<-nmod amod
make<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
use<-aux nsubj dobj advcl mark
fastball<-det
fly<-xcomp nsubj advcl
compounding<-dep dobj nsubj
trading<-nmod:poss amod
arrive<-aux nmod neg nsubj
retailer<-case compound det amod
Nova<-cc conj
merit<-aux dobj neg nsubj
period<-case advmod det amod
issuer<-det amod
particularly<-cop nmod nsubj
business<-case dep det amod
egg<-case dep appos nmod:poss
casino<-case
exceed<-aux dobj nmod neg nsubj
secret<-cop acl:relcl det compound
trial<-nmod:poss nmod amod
challenge<-dobj
rebound<-det amod
threat<-case det compound
then<-cc acl:relcl
mop<-dobj nmod compound:prt
strike<-appos det compound
initiative<-case det compound
contact<-cop nmod:poss amod
proliferation<-case det nmod
buy<-ccomp nmod mark
unusual<-cop advmod nmod
cleanup<-det
suggestion<-amod
syndicator<-appos compound det amod
businessman<-case nmod compound
import<-xcomp
Thomas<-compound
%<-cc cop nummod conj amod
weapon<-case nmod
ask<-parataxis auxpass advmod nsubjpass
Medicaid<-nmod
Index<-case compound det amod
register<-cc conj nmod mark
56,000<-advmod
clause<-acl:relcl amod
production<-acl:relcl nmod compound
university<-case amod
man<-case cc nummod det conj
2.77<-dep
bridge<-nmod
softy<-det nmod
distorted<-dobj
sign<-case det compound
line<-case dep det
deposit<-amod
scout<-cop nsubj dep neg advmod nmod
religion<-amod
turn<-advcl advmod nmod compound:prt
newborn<-case
meet<-advmod nmod:tmod nsubj
estimate<-nsubj ccomp mark
withdrawal<-dep amod
supply<-nsubj neg advmod dobj advcl aux
parcel<-compound:prt dobj nmod mark
hand<-compound amod
go<-advcl aux nsubj neg mark
crass<-neg cop mark
time<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
pay<-cc conj advcl nsubj
industry<-case det nmod amod
issue<-case dep det amod
estimate<-advmod ccomp mark
do<-xcomp nsubj neg nmod advcl aux
critic<-cop det nmod amod
sell<-xcomp nmod
put<-aux nsubj dobj advmod mark
confidence<-case nmod:poss nmod compound
liquidity<-case cc conj compound
accompany<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
begin<-xcomp nsubj nmod mark
deal<-nsubj nmod mark
program<-dep
select<-dobj
unsuccessful<-cop advcl mark
oil<-case amod
statistics<-case det amod
learn<-parataxis advmod nmod nsubj
bailiff<-nummod amod
rumble<-case det compound
largest<-case det nmod
decline<-compound:prt dobj mark
technical<-cop advmod mark
sell<-dep aux nsubj neg mark
wash<-auxpass advmod compound:prt
Honduras<-case
trading<-nmod:tmod
lawmaker<-appos det
locate<-advmod nsubj
Cox<-case compound
overzealous<-nmod:npmod cop
supply<-dobj nsubj
choose<-nsubj dobj mark
Kong<-nmod:poss compound
ox<-nmod:poss
bid<-neg compound
successful?because<-dep cop advmod ccomp
Channel<-det compound
goal<-dep det nmod amod
Requiem<-case acl:relcl det compound
operate<-advcl nsubj dobj mark
rogue<-case det
Hordern<-appos compound
chain<-xcomp nsubj mark
reconfigure<-cc conj dobj mark
vacationer<-nmod compound
Member<-det nmod
continuity<-auxpass advcl nsubjpass mark
report<-case cc conj
establish<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
include<-aux nsubj ccomp mark
us<-case amod
800,000<-case
rival<-nmod:poss compound
liberalize<-dobj nsubj
gimmick<-amod
wrack<-nsubj advmod dobj
Roberts<-cc conj appos compound
charity<-case nmod
see<-nsubj cc neg nmod aux conj
jewel<-det nmod
whim<-case compound
messrs.eward<-cc conj det
begin<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
Boy<-case dep compound
infighting<-case nmod amod
candidate<-case compound det amod
underwrite<-dobj nsubj
predict<-aux ccomp nmod nsubj
painful<-xcomp cop advmod nsubj
windshield<-det nmod
another<-case nmod
meet<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
30<-case det
labor<-cop nsubj cc nmod advcl conj
shop<-nummod nmod
work<-ccomp
many<-xcomp advmod
decision<-case acl det amod
direction<-case cc conj det nmod
run<-compound amod
end<-case advmod det amod
work<-nsubj nmod advmod dobj
damage<-cop advmod
mid-1980<-case appos det
laughter<-case cc conj
party-giving<-nmod nsubj
drop<-nsubj nmod dobj advcl aux mark
switzerland.chiron<-appos
1.40<-dep
provide<-advcl mark
Simpson<-appos compound
researcher<-ccomp
murky<-cop nsubj
event<-cop acl:relcl det
start<-aux nmod nsubj
Chiefs<-case det nmod compound
strongest<-case appos nmod:poss
process<-case cop det nmod
turn<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
pull<-nsubj mark
researcher<-case compound nmod amod
read<-nmod
clear<-xcomp dobj nsubj
mask<-det compound
shave<-dobj compound:prt
cost<-case dep
borrowing<-det acl
Marseillaise<-case compound
coextrude<-dobj nmod nsubj
expensive<-cop nsubj cc advmod nmod conj
detector<-cop compound det acl:relcl amod
shape<-case det nmod
view<-dobj iobj nsubj
implement<-aux nsubj dobj advcl
bid<-case nmod:poss acl
count<-case det amod
hire<-xcomp advmod dobj nsubj
radiation<-case
switch<-nsubj nmod mark
phase<-det nmod amod
include<-advcl dobj mark
exceed<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
bar<-dobj nmod mark
bill<-case compound advmod det amod
analyst<-advmod compound
claim<-det nmod amod
hundred<-case det nmod amod
hail<-nmod
leave<-case
judge<-parataxis aux nmod dobj
get<-xcomp nsubj dobj nmod:tmod mark
reach<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
prison<-case cc conj
come<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
help<-case nmod
position<-cop nsubj cc advmod nmod acl
Academy<-case
method<-amod compound
Welch<-compound
Federated<-case
smarter<-nmod:npmod
vehicle<-case advmod det
wiretap<-nmod
363<-case
truck<-case det
screen<-case nmod:poss
wait<-xcomp nmod
better<-xcomp cop nsubj dep cc conj
populate<-dobj advmod mark
make<-aux compound:prt dobj nsubj
fault<-case det compound
go<-xcomp advmod
want<-xcomp nsubj advcl dobj mark
produce<-nsubj nmod mark
policy<-case det compound
claim<-advcl ccomp nsubj
target<-det compound
slop<-case det
case<-appos det compound
reflect<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
consider<-nmod:tmod
write<-compound:prt ccomp dobj
Turner<-appos compound
forget<-aux ccomp
agreement<-det det:predet
Egan<-appos compound
flier<-case det amod
initially<-cc dep
France<-nmod compound
base<-nmod:poss nmod compound
Aeronautics<-cc conj det compound
jump<-det amod
image<-acl:relcl det nmod
2,960<-case cop advmod
jittery<-advmod
growth<-case advmod nmod amod
shrift<-amod
participate<-nsubj cc advmod nmod mark conj dobj
intention<-compound det acl:relcl amod
some<-cop nmod nsubj
Norwegians<-case cc conj
newspaper<-nummod compound nmod:poss amod
sale<-acl:relcl
gap<-acl:relcl det
month<-appos advmod amod
manufacturing<-compound
life<-case advmod det nmod
send<-aux dobj advcl neg
work<-aux nmod nsubj
else<-advmod nmod
commute<-det
call<-dep dobj
5,791<-case
donate<-dobj mark
cross-shareholding<-cc conj nmod
district<-case cc advmod det compound conj
pay<-aux cop nmod neg nsubj
Landry<-case compound
builder<-acl:relcl nmod
foot<-case nummod nmod
psychologist<-nummod
Businessland<-case amod
go<-cc conj nmod mark
threaten<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
statute<-compound det amod
follow<-nsubj dobj advcl
applicant<-advmod compound
conversion<-case compound
open<-advcl dobj mark
category<-case cc conj
drug<-det amod
partly<-dep
leave<-xcomp dobj nsubj
then<-dep acl:relcl
pregnancy<-amod
stress<-dobj
persist<-dep aux nmod advcl
conduct<-auxpass nmod:tmod nmod expl
supplier<-compound amod
landfill<-case cc conj amod
share<-case cc nummod conj
listen<-advcl mark
call<-cop acl:relcl
true<-dep
document<-acl:relcl det compound
hydraulic<-cc conj nmod:poss
write<-mark
worker<-case dep nmod:poss
diabetic<-case acl:relcl amod
tight<-nmod
company<-case nmod:poss
have<-ccomp advmod dobj nsubj
gas<-acl:relcl det
culprit<-det amod
compare<-dobj mark
hobble<-aux dobj nsubj
shakeout<-dep advmod det
take<-cc aux dobj nsubj
hamper<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
Pyszkiewicz<-compound
believe<-nsubj cc neg advmod ccomp aux
eligible<-xcomp nsubj
unfit<-advcl nsubj mark
merchant<-case det
desire<-nmod:poss
Delors<-compound
plunge<-case nmod:poss compound
Grenier<-compound
slam-dunk<-nsubj neg advmod dobj aux compound:prt
center<-case nmod:poss
Island<-case appos compound
character<-cc conj
improve<-case ccomp
expensive<-cop nsubj advcl
bit<-advmod
stanch<-dep dobj mark
1986<-dep
customer<-dep advmod amod
lengthen<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
panel<-case dep nmod
first<-cop det advcl
offer<-xcomp nsubj nmod mark
dealings<-case det amod
region<-amod
affiliate<-case
sell<-cc conj compound:prt dobj mark
Yorkers<-compound amod
occasionally<-advmod
income<-cc conj nmod compound
Technologies<-case compound
profit<-cop amod
Atkins<-compound
euphoria<-case det nmod
help<-aux advcl nmod nsubj
again<-ccomp nsubj
plus<-case det
earnings<-case acl:relcl amod
know<-cc ccomp nmod nsubj
plunge<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
aggressive<-advmod nmod
closed<-dep nmod:tmod
matter<-dep neg
rape<-case
have<-nsubj cc advmod nmod:tmod dobj aux conj mark
loan<-case cop cc mark compound conj
maximum<-case det nmod compound
aspect<-nmod amod
scuttle<-nmod dobj
need<-parataxis advmod dobj nsubj
relation<-dep
initiative<-case acl det amod
Ardmore<-dep
recognize<-nsubj dobj nmod:tmod nmod mark
member<-nmod:poss amod
technology<-advmod
shopping<-nummod compound amod
bit<-cop det nmod nsubj
Politburo<-nmod:poss amod
involve<-compound:prt ccomp nsubj
turn<-dep nmod
hover<-case compound amod
crop<-case
Hill<-case nmod compound
vigil<-det compound
rights<-compound nmod nsubj
characteristic<-case compound
cash<-case advmod det amod
family<-cc cop conj acl:relcl det
health<-case cc det amod acl:relcl conj
issue<-advmod det
{<-det compound
division<-dep nummod nmod amod
prompt<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
inundate<-cc cop conj nmod
bypass<-cc conj mark dobj nsubj
1.03<-dep
exchange<-compound
storage<-cc conj
TRW<-case
pet<-case acl:relcl det
come<-aux nsubj nmod neg mark
make<-nmod ccomp
hour<-case nummod compound
disclose<-ccomp nsubj
buy<-cc advcl conj advmod dobj
level<-amod nmod compound
Schwinn<-case cc conj
go<-cc conj compound:prt nmod nsubj
bank<-case nummod amod
consider<-cc xcomp nmod nsubj
hit<-det
skeptical<-cop advmod
maintain<-xcomp aux
boom<-case det compound
live<-ccomp nmod nsubj
molehill<-case det
trash<-xcomp nsubj
tad<-det
devise<-xcomp dobj nsubj
drag<-aux compound:prt nmod nsubj
dividend<-dep det
export<-xcomp
advise<-ccomp advmod dobj nsubj
write<-advcl dobj
seem<-xcomp nsubj nmod mark
sell<-aux dobj nmod neg nsubj
fire<-nmod nsubj
7:30<-case advmod
introduce<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
month<-nummod det
gather<-cc parataxis dobj
result<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss
brother<-nmod:poss compound
thaw<-case det nmod amod
consider<-aux ccomp dobj
consume<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
11<-advmod nmod
recently<-nmod
execute<-dobj nmod nsubj
contract<-aux advmod advcl nsubj
watch<-advcl dobj
castigate<-dobj
Communications<-cc acl:relcl compound
handle<-aux nsubj dobj advmod mark
listen<-cc conj advmod nsubj
code-named<-auxpass dobj
piece<-case cc nummod conj amod
persuade<-xcomp advmod dobj mark
arrogance<-det nmod
service<-case nmod:poss amod
%<-dep cc nummod
section<-case det amod
sens.boren<-case
want<-xcomp advmod
set<-aux nsubj dobj advmod advcl
do<-aux nsubj dobj mark
cost<-aux compound:prt ccomp nmod nsubj
sum<-advcl dobj compound:prt
defens<-case
bring<-nsubj neg nmod dobj aux mark
Lynch<-amod compound
allow<-xcomp advmod dobj
benighted<-advmod
sell<-aux nsubj nmod advmod mark
event<-case nummod nmod
put<-aux advcl nmod dobj
match<-ccomp nsubj
power<-case cc conj amod
feeling<-cop ccomp det amod
widen<-parataxis nsubj
improve<-dep dobj mark
similar<-xcomp
feminist<-cc conj
raise<-case nummod
Keene<-case compound
return<-nmod:poss amod
one<-cc cop nmod neg nsubj
beneficial<-cop advmod nmod
factor<-case acl:relcl det
popular<-dep amod
tell<-cop advmod ccomp
climate<-det nmod amod
bill<-cop advcl
Olympics<-det
group<-cop nsubj cc advmod nmod aux conj
condition<-case nmod amod
e-z<-auxpass ccomp
's<-cc advmod ccomp nsubj
impact<-nmod:poss nmod
quick<-xcomp cop
chasing<-det compound
set<-advmod dobj nsubj
value<-dobj nmod mark
Motel<-dep nmod compound
answer<-dobj mark
concert<-case amod
express<-aux advmod dobj advcl nsubj
wisecrack<-cc conj
gunman<-nummod
multiple<-case det amod
borrow<-dobj nmod mark
24<-dep nmod compound
start<-advmod
uncle<-dep cop
team<-parataxis compound:prt nmod nsubj
turn<-cc dobj compound:prt
agree<-nsubj mark
end<-cc compound amod
malignant<-advmod
equal<-cop advmod nmod
code<-det amod
fetus<-dep det
abdicate<-xcomp nmod nsubj
billing<-dep nmod:poss
operate<-cc conj
knock<-nmod
aggressively<-dep cop
precede<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
suffer<-csubj dobj
symbolism<-case
heretofore<-mark
stock<-compound:prt nmod mark
joblessness<-amod
indicate<-aux nmod
security<-amod compound
reduce<-nsubj nmod dobj advcl aux mark
transform<-dep nmod dobj
spin<-cc conj nsubj dobj mark
because<-advmod
entertain<-advmod iobj dobj nsubj
pair<-dobj mark
include<-advcl
Bear<-case cc conj nmod
reinstall<-aux cop nsubj advmod mark
pressure<-case cop xcomp nmod
MACY<-cc conj det compound
low-end<-cc conj det nmod
Museum<-case det nmod compound
watch<-advmod nmod nsubj
you<-cop nsubj cc dep advcl aux
figure<-cop ccomp amod det det:predet
field<-case
confer<-dobj nsubj
include<-nmod advcl
district<-nmod:poss compound
withdrawal<-case
build<-nmod nsubj
side<-dep cc det
media<-det amod
route<-amod
soviet<-ccomp
Miles<-case compound
meager<-cop
1.4<-advmod
lawyer<-case cc conj det compound
pursue<-aux advmod dobj advcl nsubj
average<-dobj nmod nsubj
Monica<-case appos compound
choose<-dep aux advmod nmod nsubj
lower<-cop ccomp
program<-appos compound det amod
found<-nmod
maneuver<-det amod
consistently<-advmod
playoff<-case det compound
outlet<-compound
parental<-dep dobj
pawn<-nummod
owner<-case compound
Coconuts<-det
back<-aux nsubj advcl mark
require<-aux dobj ccomp neg nsubj
free<-dep
Frankfurt<-case cop conj cc
27<-dep cop advmod compound
bearish<-cop nsubj nmod:npmod advmod ccomp aux
reminder<-cop nsubj advmod det nmod amod
miss<-nsubj dobj mark
intend<-xcomp auxpass nsubjpass
that<-cc dep
Fair<-case cc conj compound
gain<-advcl dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
communication<-case cc conj
rack<-nsubj advmod nmod compound:prt aux dobj
control<-cc conj dobj nsubj
improve<-aux advmod advcl nsubj
mid-september<-case
bank<-nmod:poss
run<-dep aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod
tro<-compound det nmod amod
take<-xcomp nsubj dobj advcl
mean<-advmod nmod nsubj
life<-case acl:relcl
lawyer<-case acl:relcl
Laff<-nmod compound
limit<-dobj nmod mark
project<-case compound det amod
Muniak<-case compound
mushroom<-nmod compound
Episcopalians<-cc dep conj
mark<-case cc nummod amod compound conj
Asia<-case appos
persona<-nmod amod
he<-case det
Hastings<-appos compound
structure<-compound nsubj
northeast<-case det
delay<-det acl
bond<-acl:relcl compound
teach<-aux dobj neg nsubj
Americas<-case det
substitute<-case det amod
tone<-cc conj det amod
premium<-compound det amod
selling<-nmod:poss
less<-advcl
mismatch<-case det nmod
hawk<-compound nmod amod
saver<-case compound
exposure<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
relationship<-cop acl:relcl det amod
say<-cc conj dobj mark
need<-cop advmod nmod amod nsubj
scholar<-case nmod
newspaper<-case nummod nmod:poss amod
back<-nmod nsubj
turn<-aux nsubj dobj advmod mark
1980<-case det amod
time<-advcl amod
increase<-advmod acl:relcl amod
gung-ho<-cop nsubj cc advmod ccomp conj
guarantee<-aux ccomp neg nsubj
concept<-det amod
Cleopatra<-compound
1.55<-dep
share<-advmod nsubj
payment<-nmod:poss
and<-dep
parent<-case cc conj
care<-case nmod compound
dealer<-compound nmod amod
survive<-aux dobj nsubj
95.11<-case
judgment<-nmod:poss amod
level<-nmod compound
close<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
Survey<-case appos det compound
be<-aux advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
save<-cc conj iobj nmod dobj
bee<-nmod:npmod
model<-case amod compound
investment<-cc conj compound amod
host<-cop nsubj nmod mark
invent<-cc conj dobj nsubj
opinion<-nmod:poss
brand<-case acl:relcl nmod
press<-dobj nsubj
insure<-advcl dobj mark
member<-case amod
shove<-advmod nmod dobj
cell<-case
Group<-nmod:poss compound
pile<-case det nmod
come<-aux compound:prt nmod neg nsubj
Shearson<-nmod
victim.at<-dobj
sound<-dep ccomp
want<-xcomp nsubj advmod dobj
level<-case cop compound nsubj
carry<-aux compound:prt dobj nmod mark
political<-amod
Coelho<-case appos compound
crop<-compound det amod
foiled<-dobj nsubj
communication<-case amod
Noriega<-case advmod nmod
point<-compound:prt dobj nmod mark
idea<-cop det ccomp
chapter<-cop det amod
do<-cc conj nsubj
level<-compound nmod:poss amod
ownership<-det nmod
emphasize<-dobj mark
return<-compound amod
send<-compound:prt nmod dobj
advance<-case det nmod
complain<-advmod ccomp nsubj
heavy-handedness<-advmod det nmod
Evans<-appos compound
expand<-nsubj dobj mark
yield<-cop det amod
tax<-case dep nmod:poss compound
la<-compound
thunder<-amod
go<-ccomp nmod compound:prt
grip<-case
complex<-cop advmod
size<-cc det nmod
seek<-discourse advmod nmod dobj
gain<-det acl
excursion<-dep det amod
Hawley<-appos compound
estimate<-nsubj dobj nmod advcl
threat<-det acl
maintenance<-case cop conj cc
continue<-dep nsubj nmod dobj
form<-case
term<-dep appos
shift<-nsubj cc advmod nmod mark conj
cause<-cop nmod mark
Schools<-acl compound
offer<-cop acl nmod nsubj
{<-nmod nsubj
improve<-aux nsubj dobj advmod mark
claim<-cop nsubj advmod nmod compound aux
cost<-case cc conj det compound
use<-xcomp aux nsubj advmod mark
price<-case acl:relcl det amod
that<-dep conj
change<-cop nmod
leave<-aux nsubj dobj advcl
unsuccessful<-cc cop conj
kingpin<-nmod:poss compound
Hubbard<-acl:relcl
inherit<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
sell<-compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
scrap<-advmod dobj
racehorse<-nmod
attorney<-acl:relcl det
realize<-dep advmod
downside<-case det
reform<-case nmod
source<-case acl:relcl amod
quote<-parataxis cop nsubj neg advmod nmod advcl aux
style<-case compound det amod
demonstrate<-nsubj nmod mark
criminality<-case nmod:poss
organize<-nmod nsubj
sin<-case det nmod amod
guest<-case det nmod
tighten<-dobj
market<-dep cc det
nervous<-xcomp cop advmod
government<-cc conj nmod amod
cooperation<-case cc conj nmod:poss
exchange<-case amod det nmod compound
Florida<-case acl compound
result<-case compound
get<-aux dobj nmod neg nsubj
jump<-nsubj dep advmod nmod dobj aux
lawyer<-case appos compound
back<-compound:prt mark
potential<-amod nsubj
SE/30<-cc det nmod dep compound conj
solve<-ccomp mark
watch<-xcomp
involve<-dep aux dobj nsubj
renter<-case det
candid<-advmod
subsidiary<-appos nmod:poss
display<-nsubj cc dobj advcl aux conj
supplier<-dep
report<-nummod det nmod compound
asset<-det acl
double<-ccomp
disarray<-det nmod
feeling<-amod
disaster<-case det nmod
drilling<-cc conj
result<-case dep nmod:poss
own<-aux nsubj dobj nmod advcl
shake<-ccomp nsubj
name-dropping<-dep nsubj
dollar<-cc conj det
U.S.<-case dep det nmod
treatment<-case det nmod
CIA<-case cc conj cc:preconj det
flight<-compound amod
effective<-nmod:tmod nmod
death<-nmod:poss amod
tv<-amod
Warner<-case cc conj cc:preconj
publish<-advmod nmod mark
grow<-advmod nmod:tmod nmod mark
farm<-compound
guarantee<-cop det nmod neg
enough<-xcomp cop advmod nmod nsubj
Mississippi<-case nmod:poss
counselor<-case nmod compound
prone<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
put<-advcl compound:prt dobj mark
compare<-dobj nmod nsubj
cosmetic<-advmod ccomp
point<-case nmod:poss amod
2.16<-dep
able<-xcomp cop nsubj neg advmod aux
absorb<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
Time<-cc conj compound det amod
dare<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
court<-case appos det
pc<-nummod compound amod
shut<-compound:prt nmod mark
department<-nmod:poss compound
principal<-nmod
Sierra<-case advmod
cause<-det
selling<-dep amod
repeat<-nmod
impressive<-cc cop conj nsubj
problem<-case cc conj compound
Institut<-cc acl:relcl
divert<-aux cop nmod advmod neg
record<-case cop advcl det nsubj
job<-dep advmod
play<-nsubj cc neg dobj aux conj ccomp
way<-cop det acl
consensus<-nmod
lower.municipal<-advmod
resort<-dep advmod nsubj
stuff<-dep advmod nsubj
key<-det
unwise<-cop nsubj nmod advmod advcl
sarsaparilla<-case
die<-nsubj nmod:tmod mark
waiver<-auxpass ccomp
datum<-case compound
devote<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
draw<-case det
mafia<-case det compound
Farney<-case compound
be<-nsubj cc neg advmod ccomp aux conj
oddity<-dep cop det nmod mark
suitor<-case det amod
functionary<-compound
blemish<-case det nmod
comment<-case nmod:poss nmod
service<-cc conj compound amod
comparison<-det nmod
Whittington<-cc conj compound
Carolinians<-case appos compound
voter<-dep amod
bounce<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass advcl
rican<-case amod
target<-det nmod
cfc<-case dep acl:relcl det amod
engine<-nmod
make<-aux nsubj ccomp advcl
suffering<-det nmod amod
surround<-xcomp nsubj
compare<-parataxis dobj nsubj
deal<-case compound det amod
meaning<-det amod
back<-aux advmod advcl
issue<-nummod
cancel<-nsubj dobj mark
clear<-dep dobj nsubj
hour<-dep advmod compound
divide<-advmod
misstatement<-nmod compound
vista<-case dep det compound
fit<-nmod
June<-case nummod advmod
calculation<-amod
job<-compound
dwarf<-xcomp nsubj
accept<-xcomp dobj
flag<-compound
loud<-cc cop conj parataxis nsubj
acquisition<-case nmod
American<-case det
blueprint<-case det nmod amod
erect<-advcl advmod dobj
plant<-dep cc det
footing<-case nmod amod
infighting<-case cc conj compound
expert<-det amod
Rudman<-compound
gather<-advcl advmod nmod nsubj
dinner<-compound
producer<-case compound amod
jumbo<-amod
voter<-det
uncertainty<-acl
make<-cc conj nmod:tmod nmod
have<-cc xcomp nsubj advcl
song<-compound
announce<-cc nmod:tmod nmod auxpass nsubjpass conj
increase<-nsubj
28.4<-case dep
twist<-dobj compound:prt
bring<-nsubj nmod:tmod nmod mark
premium<-advcl det amod
Friday<-case det amod
energy<-compound det amod
McNally<-case compound
cut<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dep conj
building<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
buy<-dep mark dobj nmod nsubj
part<-cop acl:relcl det nmod mark
supermarket<-cc nummod conj amod
restoration<-case det nmod
order<-acl:relcl det
memory<-acl compound
stand<-xcomp nmod compound:prt
pollen<-advmod nmod:poss
day<-compound
mixer<-case compound
play<-nsubj cc nmod:tmod dobj conj compound:prt
supplier<-det amod
sufficient<-xcomp cop neg nsubj
result<-cc conj det nmod
mitigation<-case compound
bring<-parataxis nsubj advmod nmod dobj compound:prt
agency<-case appos compound nmod:poss amod
win<-dobj
Wylie<-appos compound
hit<-aux dobj
bed<-cop nsubj det acl:relcl compound aux
lay<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod mark
take<-xcomp advcl dobj nsubj
available<-cop nmod nsubj
modestly<-advmod
boost<-aux dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
remedy<-nmod amod
lie<-xcomp auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
leapfrog<-compound:prt dobj nmod mark
p.m.<-nummod
increase<-mark nmod nsubj
stay<-aux dobj
muscle<-nmod:poss nmod
replete<-dep cop nmod
proposition<-cop nsubj det amod mark
complex<-case advmod det
imply<-cc xcomp nsubj mark
Ethiopia<-case
speaker<-case
convinced<-advcl
chip<-case compound amod
nature<-case cc conj nmod amod
secretary<-cc conj amod
4.06<-dep
level<-case cop dep nmod:poss
end<-case cop nsubj det nmod amod
shipment<-acl:relcl nmod
weaken<-nmod dobj
figure<-advmod nmod
agency<-dep advmod det amod
unit<-case acl:relcl det compound
soar<-advcl nsubj mark
unfortunate<-cop advmod
make<-dep advmod dobj
reply<-compound
datum<-dobj nsubj
specialize<-ccomp compound:prt
dealership<-case acl det amod
drill<-dobj advmod mark
hurricane<-case acl:relcl det
15,000<-case det amod
put<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass mark
hit<-nsubj ccomp mark
lemming<-case
drop<-case nmod:poss
similar<-cc cop conj nsubj
income<-case nummod compound
contact<-cop amod nmod:poss nsubj
slide<-nmod:poss nmod
bank<-case nmod:poss
improvement<-cop nsubj cc advmod det nmod conj
sale<-case cop nsubj advmod mark
conception<-nmod:poss
kill<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
block<-case det amod
declare<-cc conj dobj
nursery<-case cc conj
reject<-aux nsubj
opinion<-nmod:poss compound
accord<-appos nmod amod
fly<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
revise<-advcl
$<-case cc nummod conj dep
empire<-nmod
vessel<-compound
2653.28<-dep advmod amod
doubt<-aux dobj nmod neg nsubj
step<-nsubj cc nmod dobj advcl aux conj
cut<-dep det nmod amod
urge<-cc dobj nmod nsubj
tour<-det nmod amod
4,320<-advmod
writings<-case dep
claim<-case nummod amod
overthrow<-dep dobj mark
parent<-compound
promote<-aux ccomp dobj
burden<-dep
protection<-case cc conj nmod
while<-det nmod
precarious<-cc cop nsubj
order<-neg
company<-cc conj det nmod
sale<-case det amod
spouse<-dobj advmod nsubj
Ross<-case cc conj compound
christian<-dep amod
appear<-xcomp nsubj advmod advcl
Einstein<-case nmod
single-engine<-dobj nmod nsubj
conference<-case nmod:poss amod
membership<-case cc conj det
available<-cop nsubj nmod mark
lot<-cop det nmod
itself<-cc conj nmod
murder<-det nmod amod
underscore<-ccomp mark
finish<-advmod nsubj
originally<-nmod:npmod
last<-det nmod
harm<-case
sea<-case det
Sneaker<-cop amod det acl:relcl nsubj
Fed<-case
foot<-advmod nsubj
borrow<-dep advmod dobj nsubj
compel<-xcomp dobj mark
speak<-dobj nmod nsubj
regular<-cc conj
customer<-case dep
pick<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
ambiguity<-det
rate<-case cop nsubj det nmod aux
besiege<-cop nmod nsubj
business<-det det:predet
30,000<-dep det amod
available<-nsubj ccomp mark expl aux dobj
give<-iobj nmod dobj
fall<-xcomp advcl dobj nsubj
accident<-dep cop neg nsubj
Brantford<-case
advertisement<-det det:predet
attach<-cop nmod nsubj
user<-cc cop conj amod nsubj
22<-dep compound
deficit<-case cc conj compound
intelligence<-advmod ccomp nsubj
announce<-nsubj nmod:tmod advmod ccomp
fire<-cop nmod nsubj
draw<-nsubj nmod:tmod nmod dobj aux mark
fast-food<-advmod det amod
rich<-nmod
scare<-aux dobj neg nsubj
contain<-cc xcomp advmod nmod nsubj
officer<-case det amod
end<-nmod:poss
reject<-cc dobj
company<-case compound det nmod amod
debris<-nmod:poss amod
October<-case acl:relcl
viewership<-nmod
anxiety<-case nmod
society<-compound
taken.some<-cop nsubj ccomp mark
debacle<-nmod:poss
retail<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
Hiroshima<-case
press<-dobj nmod mark
Press<-nmod:poss compound
calling<-nmod:poss nmod amod
expect<-xcomp aux advcl
non<-dobj nsubj
debt<-case cc det amod acl:relcl conj
tape<-dobj nsubj
add<-case advmod dobj
use<-aux advcl
power<-acl:relcl det nsubj
Bronco<-cc conj det compound
Koreans<-advmod compound
earn<-dobj compound:prt nmod nsubj
trade<-xcomp advmod nsubj
1966<-case cc conj cc:preconj
damage<-cc advmod amod
agree<-nmod ccomp
best<-cop acl:relcl det nsubj
period<-case nummod det
confirm<-cc conj dobj ccomp mark
location<-case nmod:poss amod
get<-xcomp advcl nsubj advmod mark
change<-cc cop advmod acl:relcl nmod
focus<-dep aux nmod nsubj
plant<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
display<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass
plastic<-cop advmod
gather<-nsubj nmod mark
bet<-aux ccomp nmod nsubj
jury<-case det nmod
plan<-cop nmod nsubj
make<-nmod:tmod nsubj
successor<-case dep conj cc
accept<-aux nsubj dobj mark
supplier<-case
sharp<-advmod
issuance<-det
get<-aux nsubj ccomp neg advcl
mind<-dep det amod
fundamental<-case det
whiz<-case appos det amod
conquer<-dobj mark
time<-case cc conj compound
1.5753<-case dep nmod:tmod
limit<-aux cop nmod nsubj
insure<-aux nmod nsubj
listen<-nmod dobj
Merc<-case det compound
highway<-advmod
senator<-case dep nummod nmod compound
vision<-case nmod:poss nmod
terrorism<-nmod:poss
firm<-dep det compound
resident<-dep cop acl:relcl nmod mark
go<-xcomp aux neg
flavor<-case nmod:poss amod
people<-nummod appos
basket<-det nmod
overseer<-cop dep advmod amod mark nmod:poss
rhetoric<-case det nmod
total<-dep advmod nmod dobj
Plan<-case nmod:poss nmod compound
office<-nummod nmod
match<-nsubj advmod dobj mark
mind<-dobj ccomp mark
home<-compound nmod amod
Figure<-nummod
resume<-xcomp mark
violation<-case
believe<-nsubj ccomp
mom<-case
internal<-cc conj
plunge<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
position<-case acl det amod
victim<-compound
seem<-cc ccomp nmod nsubj
scarce<-cc conj
president<-cop nsubj cc advmod det nmod compound conj
move<-compound:prt
cheaper<-cop nsubj
Delta<-case det compound
catalog<-case dep acl:relcl compound
gene<-cc conj acl:relcl det
setback<-amod
trial<-dep det nmod
distinction<-det nmod
remain<-xcomp advcl nsubj mark
Prudential<-case
know<-aux advmod nmod neg nsubj
Trade<-case cc conj det compound
market<-xcomp cc conj nmod nsubj
buy<-aux nsubj ccomp neg advcl
company<-amod det compound
lose<-xcomp nsubj cc mark aux conj
come<-cc conj advmod
wreck<-advmod dobj
4/32<-cc conj advmod
skepticism<-nmod
discount<-parataxis cop amod nmod nsubj
lobbyist.still<-case det
Unisys<-dep
slow<-cop nsubj
inhibit<-parataxis nsubj advmod dobj advcl
perform<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
capacity<-acl:relcl nmod:poss compound
power<-cop nsubj advmod det amod acl:relcl
t<-ccomp
sago<-nummod nmod
test<-dobj nsubj
have<-case advmod ccomp
tie<-parataxis nsubj advcl ccomp mark
soldier<-det amod
army<-case det compound
Anthropology<-case nmod
Gandhi<-case amod
proceedings<-compound amod
building<-det compound
meeting<-nmod nsubj
pound<-det compound
letter<-case dep nmod
Wizard<-case det nmod
protect<-nmod dobj
hear<-nmod
holding<-nmod nsubj
crack<-cc conj dobj nsubj
Reich<-case compound
Harbors<-appos compound
product<-compound amod
cost<-aux dobj nsubj
premiere<-cc aux conj nmod nsubj
have<-aux nsubj ccomp
Sea<-case acl:relcl det compound
easier<-xcomp cop
pay<-case nmod amod
word<-nmod nsubj
repeal<-det
lack<-ccomp nsubj
Guzman<-compound
surrender<-aux nsubj dobj mark
fire<-dep nmod:poss nmod compound
put<-dobj ccomp nmod nsubj
power<-acl det amod
F.S.B.<-case compound
copper<-advmod
ticket<-amod
contributor<-cop det nmod amod
AG<-case
generate<-ccomp nsubj dobj mark
accuracy<-case nmod:poss
space<-cc conj det
slip<-dep compound
track<-case nummod
workroom<-case det amod
there<-case cop advmod nsubj
miner<-compound
manager<-compound acl amod
begin<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
expect<-nsubj
buy<-xcomp nmod mark
crisis<-case amod
choke<-cc advmod ccomp dep auxpass nsubjpass
folly<-det compound
play<-aux nsubj nmod neg mark
form<-cop nsubj mark
count<-nmod dobj
producer<-compound det amod
FEMA<-acl
Bridges<-dep compound
close<-cc dep conj dobj
come<-xcomp nmod:tmod nsubj
repeat<-auxpass advcl dobj
percentage<-case cop nsubj det nmod amod
battle<-cc det ccomp
television<-amod
bonanza<-cop advcl neg
effective<-aux cop nmod nsubj
stop<-dep dobj
happy<-cc cop nsubj xcomp mark
path<-case det compound
attempt<-compound nmod:poss nmod amod
end<-dep compound amod
cut<-advmod nmod
maker<-compound det amod
elite<-cop advmod det nmod nsubj
cd<-xcomp advmod nsubj
Templeton<-compound
client<-ccomp nsubj
jacket<-compound
crack<-case cc conj det nmod
nutritional<-cc conj
put<-cc advmod dobj nmod nsubj
food<-case advmod
give<-dep nsubj dobj mark
prevent<-advcl dobj
try<-xcomp aux advmod advcl
loyal<-nmod:npmod cop advmod nmod
act<-aux advcl nmod neg nsubj
not<-cop acl:relcl amod nsubj
move<-case nmod:poss acl
conference<-case det amod
9.4<-advmod
air<-aux nsubj nmod mark
fog<-dep
Ogilvy<-nmod
ruling<-case nummod nmod:poss
story<-compound det amod
draw<-nmod dobj
Party<-case det
2,610<-case
facilitate<-dobj nmod mark
above<-dep cop advmod nsubj
holdout<-case amod
example<-cop amod det nsubj
article<-case det compound
Federal-Mogul<-case
trading<-nsubj nmod mark
beach<-det
team<-dep acl det nmod amod
Nationalists<-dep det
then<-dep advmod
center<-case cop det nmod nsubj
Libor<-cc conj
contractor<-det amod
kill<-nsubj dobj mark
device<-amod
resume<-aux nsubj nmod mark
cue<-det
cd<-case det
Getty<-case compound det amod
burden<-case det nmod
sacrifice<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
trading<-dep nmod
adviser<-appos compound nmod:poss amod
payment<-det nmod amod
segment<-case appos det amod
caseload<-det nmod amod
passport<-nmod:poss
U.S.In<-case acl:relcl det
telephone<-parataxis det compound
exceed<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
painful<-cop advmod
class<-advmod amod
true<-aux cop nmod csubj mark
plant<-case dep compound nmod amod
refrain<-case dep det amod
Nashville<-dep
underwriter<-case nmod
test<-advmod dobj
engineering<-cop mark
Mancuso<-case nmod:poss
organization<-det det:predet
publish<-advmod
influence<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod mark
position<-case amod
greet<-cop nmod neg nsubj
wind<-acl:relcl nmod
integration<-case amod
sign<-cop det nmod
playoff<-det
you<-case cop nsubj appos advmod aux
fast<-advmod nmod
S&P<-acl:relcl
829<-case
spend<-aux advmod neg nsubj
be<-aux expl ccomp nmod dobj
identity<-det
recreation<-case cc conj
entitlement<-compound
panic<-aux dobj nmod neg nsubj
south<-case det
whirl<-case det nmod
firm<-case acl det amod
choice<-case acl:relcl det
publication<-det nmod
quadruple<-dep advmod nmod
distillery<-det compound
surprise<-cop advmod
ticket<-case appos amod compound
commission<-case cc conj det compound
aim<-cop advmod nmod neg nsubj
exodus<-det nmod
softening<-case det nmod
theory<-case amod
seconds<-det amod
complete<-cop nmod advcl
measure<-nsubj neg advmod nmod compound:prt aux
reduce<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
plan<-case compound nmod:poss amod
induce<-advcl dobj mark
trader<-compound amod
study<-det det:predet
help<-nsubj dep nmod:tmod nmod advcl aux
ground<-dep dobj
portfolio<-case det nmod
room<-nmod:poss
cup<-amod
Aldridge<-acl:relcl compound
18<-case advmod acl:relcl
Bodmer<-case compound
technology<-case cc conj
city<-acl:relcl det
member<-case nummod compound amod
Paramus<-dep
way<-case cop nmod
improve<-advmod dobj
vote<-xcomp advcl advmod nsubj
investor<-cop compound advmod nmod nsubj
high<-dep cop advmod nsubj
warehouse<-case nmod:poss
slip<-aux nsubj nmod mark
don<-cc conj dobj mark
closeness<-det nmod
propose<-advmod
Koenig<-compound
time<-cop nsubj advmod det acl amod
symposium<-det
bid<-acl:relcl det
vote<-acl
taste<-case amod
seclusion<-case appos
issue<-dep cop compound
position<-acl:relcl nmod:poss compound
greater<-advcl compound:prt nmod advmod nsubj
recognition<-advcl cop amod nmod nsubj
appeal<-case nmod
easy<-cop nsubj advmod advcl
take<-advmod
eliminate<-aux ccomp
ask<-nsubj dobj mark
describe<-advcl dobj nsubj
9729/32<-case cc conj advmod
thrower<-case compound
sedan<-case nmod:poss
profession<-case nmod:poss acl
force<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj conj
fill<-ccomp nmod dobj
intrinsic<-nmod nsubj
Baily<-case cc conj compound
suit<-cc conj det
bidder<-case
pervasive<-cop nsubj mark
coupon<-nmod amod
dealer<-case det
closely<-advmod nsubj
sit<-dep parataxis advmod nsubj
slow<-nmod:tmod nmod
2.60<-advmod
remove<-cc conj nmod dobj
value<-case compound amod
eliminate<-ccomp nsubj
stone<-det
wear<-xcomp dobj nsubj
place<-case cop
policy<-cc conj nmod
cost<-nmod:tmod dobj
undertone<-case amod
bring<-cc conj nmod nsubj
Schrager<-appos compound
involve<-case compound
Penney<-compound
rearing<-case cc conj det nmod
research<-compound det amod
lens<-dep det amod
operation<-det nmod amod
mine<-case compound
letter<-case advmod det nmod
60<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
situation<-case acl:relcl det amod
leave<-xcomp dobj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
charge<-nsubj cc nmod dobj iobj aux conj
Carpenter<-dep cc conj nmod
economy<-case amod det compound
look<-cc conj nsubj nmod mark
climb<-case compound amod
write<-dep advmod nmod compound:prt mark dobj
PDT<-case dep nummod advmod
have<-nsubj cc advmod nmod dobj aux conj mark
TV<-case nummod nmod compound
Dun<-cc case conj
jour<-compound
Dreman<-appos compound
signal<-nmod
borrow<-dep dobj mark
1.5795<-case dep nmod:tmod
plunge<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
nonexistent<-cop nsubj advmod mark
18-month-old<-dobj nsubj
giant<-compound det acl:relcl amod
consist<-advcl nmod nsubj
Tribune-Democrat<-case appos det
liquidity<-cop
shepherd<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
indication<-case det nmod amod
side<-case dep det
demand<-cc nmod
year<-cop nsubj cc advmod det mark aux conj
evolve<-nmod mark
event<-case cop advmod det nmod amod compound
hurt<-aux nsubj ccomp mark
repeat<-aux cop nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
be<-neg nmod nsubj
Glenn<-cc conj
unearth<-dobj ccomp nsubj
difference<-case nmod
township<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
restraint<-case acl:relcl det amod
researcher<-case compound
permission<-case compound
call<-case nummod det
rise<-xcomp aux nsubj
buy-out<-appos amod
analyst<-case acl:relcl det amod
volunteer<-dep amod
question<-nmod:poss
computer<-cop advmod acl:relcl nsubj
lift<-compound det nmod amod
follow<-nsubj ccomp mark
shiver<-nmod
top<-advmod dobj nsubj
offer<-aux dobj
change<-appos compound
reject<-cc conj dobj mark
detector<-nummod compound
dealer<-case nmod:poss nmod
assign<-dobj advmod nsubj
failure<-case det compound
owner<-case appos nmod:poss amod
more<-nmod:npmod cop advmod nmod nsubj
salon<-compound det amod
dollar<-case cc nmod amod acl:relcl conj
653/8<-dep compound
forum<-amod
fall<-advcl nsubj nmod mark
change<-case dep det
slip<-cc conj advmod nmod nsubj
psyllium<-cc conj nmod
satisfaction<-case
man<-case nmod amod
remember<-dobj
friend<-dep compound
commission<-case det nmod
selling<-cc conj
practice<-dobj
campaign<-det nmod amod
Steve<-cc conj
investor<-amod compound
part<-cc cop conj nmod nsubj
Trifari<-dep
put<-dep det
deadline<-cop advmod det nmod compound
move<-dep det amod
authority<-det compound
meeting<-case nmod amod
director<-cop amod nmod nsubj
literature<-case det nmod amod
resume<-advcl nmod dobj
1772.1<-case
state<-dep cop advmod det acl
part<-dep nmod
urge<-xcomp dep dobj nsubj
complete<-cc cop conj nmod
value<-advcl det amod
discretion<-case det nmod
article<-nummod
illusion<-det nmod
hold<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
typically<-nmod:npmod
viaduct<-amod
weigh<-nsubj ccomp advmod mark
rank<-dobj nmod nsubj
interest<-compound det nmod amod
anti-depressant<-det
moderate<-cop nsubj ccomp mark
be<-cc conj cc:preconj nmod dobj
reserve<-neg nmod
adviser<-cc conj compound amod
rise<-cc conj nmod:tmod nmod
97<-case
version<-cop acl det amod
Brown<-acl:relcl compound
vote<-dep det amod
gon<-xcomp aux
run<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
heat<-cop advmod nsubj
large<-cc cop conj advmod nmod
call<-advcl nsubj dobj mark
receive<-aux dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
Charlottesville<-case
police<-neg amod
earthquake<-nummod det
start<-xcomp mark
Price<-compound
set<-aux auxpass nsubjpass nmod compound:prt
weather<-dep dobj advmod mark
culture<-case acl:relcl det amod
show<-cc conj nsubj dobj mark
z<-case dep det
piece<-cop nsubj det nmod amod acl:relcl
oppose<-ccomp nmod mark
proviso<-case det compound
willing<-xcomp cop mark
gimmick<-case compound
roll<-nsubj advmod compound:prt advcl aux mark
sell<-aux nsubj dobj advcl mark
sell<-aux nsubj nmod mark
Nations<-acl:relcl det nmod compound
gas<-case
1,000<-dep
strength<-nmod:poss amod
teach<-nsubj nmod advcl
reopen<-nmod dobj
formation<-case det nmod
string<-dep det nmod
tourist<-nmod amod
study<-case nummod det compound
supportive<-cc cop conj advmod nmod
marketplace<-case det amod
Bogart<-dep det compound
Mubarak<-compound
quarter<-case dep det nmod
precedent<-case cc conj amod
bail<-compound:prt mark
assure<-cop advmod ccomp
end<-nsubj cc nmod dobj conj mark
head<-cc dep conj dobj mark
double<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
amount<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
exhibit<-nmod:poss amod
repercussion<-det nmod amod
obstacle<-case det amod
base<-det amod
mean<-aux nsubj ccomp neg advcl
joint<-case det compound
manage<-advmod dobj nsubj
package<-acl:relcl det
close<-cc conj advmod nsubj
licens<-nmod:poss nmod
turnover<-case nmod amod
penny<-dep nummod nmod:poss nmod compound
merge<-xcomp mark
buy<-xcomp mark
Bickwit<-compound
parachute<-aux nsubj dobj nmod advcl
work<-aux dobj nmod advmod nsubj
design<-aux advcl
engineer<-case nmod:poss compound
interest<-case advmod det compound
give<-dep advmod nmod compound:prt
cloud<-cop det nmod amod
desk<-case compound det nmod amod
start<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
include<-parataxis dep dobj nsubj
when<-cc conj
book<-dep appos advmod det
number<-case nummod det nmod
success<-advmod det compound
regard<-advmod dobj
money<-case det amod
firm<-case compound nmod amod
certificate<-case nmod compound
Foods<-case appos compound
pick<-cc conj
effort<-cop det acl
biopsy<-cc conj
hear<-advmod nmod nsubj
Board<-case amod det compound
recall<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
respondent<-case nummod det compound
principle<-case det nmod amod
purport<-xcomp nsubj
Representatives<-case cc conj
offer<-nummod
marketer<-case compound det amod
indictment<-det compound
exchange<-aux cop nmod nsubj
debacle<-case compound nmod:poss amod
priority<-dep cop nmod nsubj
wife<-case dep conj cc
Harris<-amod compound
bank<-dep amod det compound
workings<-nmod:poss amod
face<-nsubj nmod dobj
energy<-case det amod
plan<-case nummod det
plunge<-ccomp nsubj
Einhorn<-nmod:poss nmod compound
ledger<-case cc conj
advertising<-case dep nmod
response<-case dep amod
school<-compound
beta<-amod
throw<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
career<-dep
sale<-advmod det amod
mean<-aux dobj neg
ministry<-case acl:relcl compound
pay<-nsubj cc nmod dobj iobj aux conj
spur<-nmod compound:prt
tout<-aux dobj nsubj
hot<-cop advmod nsubj
severe<-cop nsubj dep advmod nmod mark
have<-cc cop conj nmod mark
minister<-cc conj amod
carp<-nmod amod
cough<-case amod
year<-case cop nsubj neg advmod det amod aux
predictable<-cop nsubj
motivate<-cc neg advmod nmod auxpass nsubjpass conj
deposit<-dep
swagger<-case det nmod
importer<-case cc conj
Socialists<-case cc conj det compound
afternoon<-det
husk<-det nmod amod
commercial<-det
commercial<-dep
expansion<-case
clout<-compound amod
market<-cop det nmod amod
symbol<-case compound nmod amod
antagonize<-aux nsubj dobj mark
demolish<-cc conj dobj
agreement<-compound amod
plenty<-cop advmod nmod
C<-nummod compound
give<-dep dobj iobj mark
Legion<-compound amod
Bureau<-case det nmod compound
answer<-mark
MMI<-case det nmod
sum<-case det nmod
Jaguar<-case nmod compound
July<-case cc conj
line<-compound:prt
increase<-cc conj dobj mark
year<-appos det nmod
soybean<-cc conj compound
Waterhouse<-compound
oddity<-case det compound
aspiration<-nmod:poss acl
mimic<-dobj nmod mark
ban<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
amendment<-case cc conj det amod
loom<-advcl nmod nsubj
golfer<-case amod
time<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
block<-xcomp mark
worth<-cop ccomp
September<-case dep
Film<-dep nummod
come<-nsubj nmod dobj advcl aux mark
eloquence<-case nmod amod
total<-advcl dobj nsubj
reduce<-advcl dobj
faster<-xcomp nsubj
deadline<-case nmod:poss amod
contest<-nmod
unit<-case cc nummod amod compound conj nmod:poss
turn<-xcomp advmod nmod:tmod nsubj
billing<-case amod
contribute<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
accommodate<-ccomp mark
resume<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
be<-dep aux neg nsubj
court<-cc conj appos
engage<-dep dobj nmod mark
nurse<-dobj nsubj
rate<-nummod amod det compound
not<-cc dep nmod
assessment<-det amod
track<-advmod dobj mark
successful<-cop advmod nsubj
battle<-case nmod:poss nmod
earlier<-case
181/4<-dep cc conj compound
earlier<-dep det
month<-amod det compound
thistle<-cc conj
network<-case nummod det compound
higher<-case nmod:npmod
element<-nmod amod
special<-cc conj compound nmod amod
close<-cop advcl nmod mark
report<-xcomp mark
MCI<-dep
housecleaning<-case
assess<-auxpass
Duff<-case cc conj
datum<-dep amod advmod compound
defense<-acl amod
volatility<-case nmod:poss
promise<-dep nummod compound
reel<-case compound det nmod amod
kill<-dobj
apply<-aux nsubj ccomp nmod mark
lead<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
discipline<-cop acl:relcl
lead<-xcomp
Afrikaner<-det
circus<-case compound det amod
fun<-cop nsubj
El-Sadr<-acl:relcl compound
hold<-advcl
separate<-nsubj
Renaissance<-case det
see<-cc dobj compound:prt nsubj
19-month<-nsubj dobj mark
Maronites<-det
yield<-ccomp compound:prt
patrol<-det compound
leave<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
loss<-compound amod nsubj
allow<-advcl nsubj
buy<-advmod nmod:tmod nmod dobj
rating<-case cc nummod det conj
independent<-cop aux nsubj advmod mark
first<-cop acl:relcl det nmod
capitalize<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
cut<-case compound det amod
award<-dep nummod
easy<-dep cop nsubj
QUANTUM<-dep dobj
Marcos<-cc conj compound
gut<-nmod:poss
noncallable<-cc cop conj nmod:tmod nmod
execution<-nmod compound
reclaim<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
pursue<-cc conj advcl dobj
minimum<-case det nmod
be<-dep mark expl nsubj
democracy<-case nmod compound
system<-case dep nmod
girlfriend<-case det nmod
prediction<-det nmod
ownership<-cc conj det amod
taste<-amod nmod nsubj
average<-dep amod
slope<-case det
unit<-acl:relcl
staffer<-det amod
unsafe<-cc cop conj
fear<-nsubj ccomp nmod mark
wound<-amod
priority<-case det amod
news<-case compound nmod amod
officer<-case cc conj nmod amod
higher<-cop nsubj nmod:npmod nmod mark cc conj
Ngoc<-case compound
gerrymandering<-dep amod
assume<-cc conj ccomp nsubj
suitor<-nmod amod
reduce<-xcomp nmod nsubj
count<-case nummod nmod compound
warehouse<-case det compound
argue<-advmod ccomp nsubj
cause<-advcl dobj nsubj
register<-nmod nsubj
mark<-compound
chip<-case amod
provide<-advcl advmod dobj nmod nsubj
Mac<-dep compound
owner<-dep det amod
plunge<-case dep det nmod
strengthen<-xcomp mark
repeal<-nummod compound
105,000<-case nmod
Institute<-case appos nmod:poss compound
stock<-case dep advmod compound
legislature<-case cc conj det
plunge<-nmod:poss amod
cell<-compound
quip<-case nmod:poss amod
limit<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
build<-case cc conj dobj
push<-nmod amod
show<-dep det nmod
unencumbered<-case nmod amod
intervene<-xcomp nmod
pie<-det compound
buy-out<-case compound det amod
discord<-case cc conj
Foundation<-case compound det amod
measure<-acl:relcl
society<-cc conj
thickness<-aux cop nmod:poss amod nsubj
bulk<-case
overuse<-cc cop conj advmod nsubj
want<-xcomp advcl dobj nsubj
Australia<-case cc conj compound
quite<-dep det
kind<-cop nsubj neg det nmod acl:relcl
mystery<-case dep det nmod amod
investor<-nummod
closely<-det
uv-b<-det
incentive<-cop amod acl nsubj
hedge<-mark
prognosis<-dep det
ago<-cc conj
cool<-compound:prt nmod nsubj
expert<-case compound
320,000<-case dep conj cc
permit<-aux dobj advcl mark
little<-case det
proceeding<-det
operation<-nummod compound amod
assume<-parataxis nmod nsubj
price<-cop nmod mark
reinstate<-ccomp mark
right<-dep cop acl:relcl det compound
retreat<-det amod
chairman<-nmod amod
structure<-nmod amod
demonstrate<-neg advmod nmod auxpass nsubjpass aux
lira<-nummod
thereof<-dep nmod:poss
design<-aux nmod
delay<-cop nsubj acl mark
disclosure<-dep amod
quest<-xcomp nsubj mark
mistake<-case
Memphis<-case cc conj
rise<-nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
jolt<-case nmod:poss
way<-case cop advmod nmod
botch<-aux nsubj dobj mark
jazz<-case amod
recoup<-dobj mark
papers<-case cc conj compound
bourbon<-case compound
use<-dep aux dobj nmod nsubj
brother<-appos det compound
advertising<-nmod
centerpiece<-appos det nmod
Boren<-acl:relcl compound
Cemetery<-dep nmod
do<-nsubj dep neg nmod dobj aux
essential<-cc cop conj nsubj mark
exercise<-case det nmod
employer<-case cc conj cc:preconj
duty<-det amod
high<-cop advmod
Exchange<-appos det compound
storm<-det compound
support<-cc conj nmod dobj
rise<-case nmod compound
group<-case nummod compound det amod
jail<-dep compound det amod
381/2<-dep nmod compound
battle<-cop nsubj dep neg det nmod cc aux conj
notify<-auxpass advmod ccomp
eat<-nsubj dep advmod dobj cc conj
clue<-det nmod amod
Excalibur<-nmod:poss
winner<-cc conj dobj nsubj
high<-advmod nsubj
ominous<-advmod nmod
factor<-dobj nsubj neg advmod compound:prt aux mark
attention<-case nmod
remember<-advcl aux dobj neg nsubj
file<-compound
1986<-appos
neither<-dep
trigger<-compound det amod
Express<-case cc conj nmod compound
acquire<-advmod dobj
stress<-advmod dobj nsubj
offer<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
$<-cc cop nummod conj dep
breakdown<-cop det nmod amod
%<-case nmod:npmod nummod
Bruch<-case
publish<-mark dobj nsubj
export<-case compound amod
success<-case acl:relcl nmod:poss
shakeout<-cop nsubj cc advmod det nmod amod conj
worried<-cop advmod nmod
require<-xcomp advmod nsubj
graduate<-parataxis ccomp
whip<-dep compound
toccata<-case cop ccomp det nsubj
Times<-case det
buy<-cc aux advmod dobj neg
flat<-cc aux conj cop nsubj
retool<-nmod dobj
grain<-case cc conj nmod:poss
say<-nsubj ccomp nmod:tmod nmod mark
expect<-xcomp aux nmod nsubj
stand<-aux nsubj advmod mark
go<-aux ccomp
prevail<-nsubj nmod mark
lead<-case det nmod compound
hurdle<-nmod:poss
productivity<-nmod amod
plant<-amod det acl:relcl compound
replace<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
experience<-neg amod
tell<-dobj mark
Food<-case cc conj det amod
mint<-case cc conj compound amod
E<-det compound
cancel<-dobj nsubj
bulked-up<-advmod
sign<-case det amod
spacecraft<-compound det amod
car<-cop det nmod amod
fight<-advmod nmod mark
)<-nummod compound det amod
delay<-aux cop nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
join<-advmod nmod
little<-dep ccomp
respond<-dep advmod nmod
infantry<-det amod
minimill<-amod
article<-acl:relcl det nmod amod
table<-case acl:relcl det
sheetrock<-case
include<-neg nmod dobj
24.875<-dep det amod
provider<-dep nmod amod
open<-aux ccomp nsubj
reassure<-cop ccomp
exceed<-advmod dobj nsubj
Connectors<-cc conj nmod:poss compound
call<-det nmod
line<-case advmod compound
17.95<-dep acl
indicator<-amod
problem<-advmod det acl:relcl
cd<-case cc conj det amod
legal<-dep cop nmod
phase<-case cop acl det amod
easy<-xcomp nsubj
ambassador<-nmod:poss nmod
refuse<-advmod nsubj
zone<-case det compound
market<-case nmod:poss amod
ingrate<-case
use<-advcl nmod nsubj
camp<-compound nmod:poss amod
finger<-xcomp advmod mark
diabetic<-case acl:relcl
hormone<-case det
disagree<-compound:prt ccomp nsubj
opinion<-nmod:poss acl
schedule<-dep compound
taste<-case
comment<-neg nmod
sponsor<-case det nmod compound
appear<-advmod ccomp nsubj
erembal<-appos
appoint<-advcl aux advmod nmod cop
overthrow<-dobj mark
excessive<-cop nmod
test<-cc conj
carpet<-det
find<-advcl ccomp nsubj
response<-case nmod:poss amod
scope<-det nmod amod
Act<-case nmod compound
tribute<-case
manufacture<-aux advmod neg nsubj
history<-case acl:relcl
airport<-case nmod:poss
productive<-cc conj advmod
determine<-cc conj
sign<-dep cop acl:relcl det amod
constrain<-advcl nmod nsubj
Mainz<-case appos
set<-cop det nmod amod
employer<-case nmod
)<-xcomp
gardenette<-advmod
exchange<-dobj iobj nmod mark
praise<-cc conj amod
symmetry<-det nmod amod
offer<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
here<-ccomp nmod nsubj
length<-case amod
clear<-dobj nmod mark
rider<-compound det amod
53.1<-dep nmod dobj
Holmes<-compound
gap<-compound det nmod amod
care.it<-case compound det amod
negotiation<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
structure<-det
section<-case amod
fall<-nsubj nmod advcl
volume<-case compound amod
conceiver<-nmod
not<-dep cop advmod nsubj
controversy<-nmod amod
killer<-cop nsubj dep neg det mark
double-cross<-advcl nsubj dobj mark
want<-advcl advmod dobj nsubj
solicitation<-case
traveler<-case dep
year<-cop nsubj cc nummod advmod nmod ccomp aux conj
domestic<-advmod
Alyce<-cc conj compound
complete<-cop advmod
raise<-ccomp mark
thinker<-case amod
list<-advmod dobj nsubj
council<-det
focus<-nmod:poss compound
make<-xcomp cc conj nsubj mark
case<-case acl:relcl det compound
crack<-amod
Committee<-dep det nmod
place<-cop nsubj advmod det amod aux acl
Rafales<-nummod
tender<-neg ccomp mark
{<-case det compound
section<-amod det acl:relcl compound
experience<-neg
tenure<-case dep compound
limit<-nmod
million<-cop compound amod det nsubj
9810/32<-case appos
surrender<-dobj nmod nsubj
confirmation<-det nmod
Hall<-appos compound
score<-case nmod amod
liability<-case dep nmod
hour<-appos det nmod
understand<-aux ccomp nmod nsubj
movie<-case amod
Miller<-appos compound
customer<-dep advmod
datum<-case det nmod
pawn<-det
approach<-cc conj dobj
Police<-dep
consider<-cop nsubj cc nmod dobj conj
Texas<-dep parataxis
challenge<-det nmod
article<-nmod:poss nmod compound
1991<-case cc conj
Scopes<-compound
become<-xcomp aux nmod csubj mark
relationship<-aux amod det cop
establishment<-acl:relcl amod
GNP<-compound
mind<-neg
coast<-case det nmod amod
rights<-det nmod compound
enact<-advmod nmod
crusade<-det
community<-det nmod
measure<-dep det nmod
production<-case nmod:poss
drop<-nmod amod
competitor<-nummod ccomp amod
roadway<-case nmod:poss
adopt<-cc conj dobj mark
argue<-cc ccomp nmod nsubj
issuer<-case
Humana<-case
sector<-case compound det nmod amod
statistics<-case
remarkable<-dep cop advcl
current<-case compound
steel<-acl:relcl amod
demonstration<-amod
abortion<-case appos
deadline<-nummod acl:relcl det compound
complete<-dep
offer<-cop nsubj mark
lawyer<-dep det
seizure<-case nmod
abortion<-case compound det amod
1985<-advmod
set<-case acl:relcl det amod
Maidenform<-det
system<-dep advmod det amod
Arco<-case
answer<-det amod
more<-cc nmod
two<-dep acl:relcl
Pagong<-compound
fake<-case det
court<-case compound amod
overpriced<-cop advmod nmod advcl
finish<-xcomp nsubj
field<-acl amod
%<-case cop cc nummod det amod advcl conj
difficult<-dep cop xcomp
lawsuit<-case nmod:poss amod
theory<-case compound det amod
announcement<-dep cop det nmod nsubj
Snatchers<-case det compound
funding<-case amod
lawyer<-case nummod nmod:poss
Communists<-dep det
market<-cc acl:relcl det amod
veteran<-case nmod amod
barrier<-acl:relcl det amod
sale<-cc conj amod
machine<-case compound det nmod amod
capital<-case compound amod
produce<-aux nmod dobj
send<-nsubj nmod mark
price<-case nmod:poss compound
pile<-nmod
he<-cop nsubj mark
polyvinyl<-cc conj ccomp
hit<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
6.25<-dep
business<-appos det compound
speak<-advcl nmod nsubj
czechoslovak<-nmod dobj
flinch<-aux advcl neg nsubj
press<-case dep det nmod
message<-nmod:poss acl
function<-nmod
reward<-dobj
vendetta<-det
segment<-nmod amod
story<-compound amod nmod nsubj
approve<-aux ccomp nsubj
hire<-cc conj dobj nsubj
pool<-det nmod
await<-xcomp parataxis nsubj
1.37<-dep
result<-det acl
develop<-xcomp aux nsubj advcl
have<-dep aux nmod nsubj
communism<-case nmod
article<-case det nmod:tmod nmod amod
accomodate<-dobj nmod mark
hurdle<-cc det nmod
write<-xcomp dobj mark
midmorning<-acl:relcl
rights<-case nmod:poss amod
complication<-case amod
point<-acl:relcl
erosion<-det nmod amod
begin<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
corn<-case
month<-nmod amod
Hurricane<-case compound
340.36<-case
1.48<-dep
3.35<-case dep det amod
highlight<-aux dobj
pass<-dobj nmod mark
Azoff<-cc conj compound
nervousness<-case nmod
grow<-dep nmod dobj
rely<-xcomp nsubj neg advmod nmod aux
world<-det nmod amod
court<-case det amod
bandwagon<-det compound
prosecution<-det
like<-cc conj dobj nmod nsubj
remains<-cop acl:relcl det nmod nsubj
insolvent<-cc cop conj nsubj mark
judge<-cc conj compound
life<-compound
overlook<-nsubj ccomp mark
deadline<-case nummod det compound
rank<-acl:relcl det nmod
agree<-nmod dobj
team<-nummod
intention<-nmod:poss
addition<-cop ccomp det nmod amod
Philo<-appos compound
expiration<-nmod amod
MISUSE<-nmod:poss nmod
emerge<-nmod nsubj
proliferate<-advcl nsubj
authority<-nmod:poss compound
freeway<-case compound
UNESCO<-dep
wait<-aux cop det amod nsubj
dilemma<-dep cop det nmod
district<-case det
town<-nmod
$<-cop nsubj neg nummod advmod aux
McDonald<-dep
waitress<-case det
certificate<-dep amod
afford<-dobj mark
name<-nmod:poss amod
declare<-xcomp advmod mark
asset<-dep parataxis det mark
Corsica<-cc conj det compound
aid<-det nmod amod
postpone<-dobj
outrage<-cop nmod nsubj
uncertainty<-det
skid<-case nmod:poss
Vogelstein<-det compound
chuck<-xcomp nmod:tmod nsubj
be<-cc dep ccomp
aid<-nmod compound
visit<-nmod nsubj
right<-dep mark compound
brittle<-nsubj
threaten<-xcomp aux nsubj
pend<-dobj
mutilate<-cop nsubj neg mark
trader<-case nummod nmod
Krisher<-nmod compound
Tower<-case nmod:poss compound
page<-case det
soften<-mark
watch<-dep dobj nsubj
offer<-cop nsubj nmod mark
love<-cc conj dobj nsubj
jiggle<-nmod
structure<-det nmod
phase<-nummod amod
attraction<-det nmod compound
lobbyist<-case nmod
outcry<-dep det amod
statement<-appos det amod
address<-mark
Steinman<-case compound
approve<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod mark
injustice<-case det nmod
advise<-xcomp nsubj dobj advcl
lifetime<-nmod:poss
out<-aux cop ccomp nsubj
develop<-aux advcl nmod dobj
pattern<-compound nmod:poss amod
earn<-dep dobj nmod nsubj
go<-cc conj advmod nsubj
3<-case appos compound
handful<-det
difficult<-cc cop conj advmod ccomp
anticipate<-auxpass nmod
system<-nmod:poss nmod
keep<-cc xcomp mark
important<-xcomp cop nmod advcl
7,580<-case
town<-dep advmod det nmod
celluloid<-appos det compound
budget<-amod
distressing<-cop nsubj nmod advmod mark
take<-cc aux xcomp neg nsubj
market<-xcomp advmod nsubj
community<-case det nmod amod
player<-case amod
acquire<-case aux
Germeten<-case nmod compound
they<-case cop nsubj mark advcl aux
woman.You<-case cc conj det compound
stability<-case
expect<-dep xcomp conj cc nsubj
mean<-aux ccomp neg nsubj
try<-case cc conj det
tool<-amod
exist<-case
week<-case dep advmod amod
miss<-dobj
immigrate<-advmod nmod nsubj
trend<-compound amod
disposition<-case nmod
750,000<-advmod
fall<-compound:prt
achieve<-dobj nmod mark
ShowBiz<-dep nsubj
42,455<-dep
reflection<-det
advertising<-cc conj
Gates<-advmod compound
include<-cc dep conj dobj nsubj
ink<-compound amod
pullback<-amod
file<-compound:prt
sketch<-cc dep nmod:poss nmod amod
take<-cc conj nmod:tmod dobj
office<-case nmod
Embassy<-det compound
care<-case dep amod
Disney<-acl:relcl
accuse<-dobj
effort<-cc cop amod nsubj
Wheeler<-compound
brand<-case dep acl:relcl det nmod
bike<-compound det acl:relcl amod
resolve<-cc conj
designate<-nmod:tmod
sort<-cop advmod det amod
indication<-neg nmod
influx<-cop det nmod amod expl aux
line<-case cop advmod nmod
31.125<-case dep
receivable<-case advmod compound
interest<-case nmod:poss compound
disappointment<-det compound
picture<-case nmod compound
landing<-dep det amod
get<-dep xcomp nsubj
average<-case dep det nmod
move<-advmod ccomp nmod mark
spark<-nmod
marginally<-advmod nmod
ease<-advcl dobj nsubj
reaction<-cop neg compound advmod det expl aux
race<-cop compound advmod det nsubj
pay<-case cc appos det amod conj
Division<-compound
operating<-dep nsubj nmod dobj
outpace<-dobj nsubj
piano<-case cc conj
playing<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
step<-det amod
founder<-det
common<-compound det nmod amod
button<-case nmod amod
Bowes<-dep compound
performance<-advmod nmod amod
yield<-case nummod det amod
ratio<-case det amod
cotton<-nmod amod
fact<-cc conj det
foundation<-nmod
enable<-xcomp cc conj dobj
win<-aux dobj nmod neg nsubj
August<-case dep
ignore<-advmod nmod dobj
year<-case advmod
cd<-case appos
Jersey<-dep compound
pay<-dep dobj mark
exclude<-nsubj dobj
date<-compound amod
commercial<-case det amod
speak<-dep xcomp mark
weaken<-advmod dobj
handle<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
do<-neg advmod nsubj
uncommon<-cop nmod neg nsubj
name<-case cc conj advmod amod
stand<-nmod mark
service<-nmod amod
bring<-advcl nmod nsubj
unit<-acl:relcl amod
insurer<-acl:relcl det
say<-parataxis nsubj dobj advcl
use<-cop advmod nsubj
spread<-xcomp mark
city<-case compound det amod
kylix<-dep compound det amod
appropriation<-det
cut<-cc aux conj nmod nsubj
bond<-case dep amod
tip<-nmod:poss nmod compound
impossible<-xcomp cop advmod advcl
guerrilla<-case cop nsubj det nmod amod
Sherry<-appos compound
speech<-amod
prefer<-nsubj
$<-case nummod advmod det nmod
blanket<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
parity<-cop compound nsubj nmod mark
lifeguard<-case amod
Hall<-nmod compound
Al-Sabah<-appos compound
repay<-cc conj advmod dobj
issue<-advmod det compound
)<-dep cc nummod conj
reflect<-nsubj cc neg dobj aux conj
diversify<-xcomp mark
supervise<-advmod
rate<-case cop cc nummod advmod nmod compound conj nmod:poss
Pacific<-acl:relcl compound
Excuses<-neg
exclude<-nmod mark
expertise<-nmod:poss nmod amod
relinquish<-advmod nmod dobj
result<-acl:relcl det
Germans<-case compound
price<-case advmod nmod amod
british<-dep dobj
expect<-xcomp aux dobj
publication<-amod
assistance<-case compound amod
blossom<-aux nsubj nmod mark
balk<-advmod nsubj dobj nmod mark
allowance<-case det
Sohmer<-cc conj compound
correct<-cc cop conj nsubj
play<-aux cop nsubj mark
anger<-aux nmod nsubj
fourth<-advmod nmod
battle<-compound nsubj
prepare<-advmod mark
secret<-det
Pinkerton<-case amod
sell<-compound amod
related<-nsubj nmod mark
european<-case amod
pace<-case dep det amod
partner<-cc conj nmod:poss amod
diminish<-auxpass nmod
deteriorate<-aux nsubj
exploration<-cc conj compound
dissolve<-aux cop nmod nsubj
test<-nmod
attach<-cop nsubj nmod advcl
waterworks<-case nmod:poss
bid<-nummod compound det nmod amod
consult<-cop neg nsubj
traffic<-dep compound
become<-dep aux nsubj xcomp mark
tool<-compound
work<-compound:prt
assume<-cc conj dobj
available<-case cop nsubj dep det nmod mark
crops.that<-case det
approval<-case compound
vote<-aux compound:prt dobj neg nsubj
rise<-case dep det nmod amod
toe<-cc neg conj compound amod
Werke<-compound
(<-xcomp auxpass nmod
equipment<-case nmod amod
stave<-compound:prt dobj mark
guest<-case det
agree<-advmod nsubj
mention<-dep nsubj
allow<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
Pierce<-compound
pursue<-dobj nmod mark
fall<-cc conj nmod mark
drop<-advmod dobj
difference<-cop advmod nmod neg
City<-case advmod compound
official<-dep det ccomp
give<-advcl nsubj iobj dobj mark
end<-advcl dobj nmod mark
surprise<-dobj nmod nsubj
end<-advmod nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
soak<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
Biographical<-case nmod:poss
dollar<-case nummod
%<-case cop nummod advmod nmod appos
strike<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
goal<-case cc conj
harder<-case
move<-dep aux cop nsubj
clothes<-cc conj det amod
Wednesday<-advmod amod
good<-case
Gorbachev<-case
Russian<-det
wind<-compound:prt ccomp nsubj
morale<-case cc conj amod
Barnard<-case compound
Brady<-appos compound
home<-det nmod compound
Lesk<-compound
step<-case acl det amod
development<-case nmod amod
Willens<-compound
doom<-dep advmod dobj
member<-case det nmod amod
face<-cc conj dobj csubj mark
Enterprises<-case acl compound
level<-case cop nsubj det ccomp mark
wasteful<-advmod
soldier<-case acl det amod
place<-nsubj nmod mark
grab<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
calamity<-case cc nummod conj
pay<-nmod:tmod nmod mark
1,026.46<-dep nmod
ouster<-nmod:poss
misadventure<-amod
Winnebago<-dep
diminution<-cop nsubj det nmod amod aux dobj
Stick<-case det
edition<-nummod amod
say<-dep nsubj advmod advcl
image<-case det acl
thread<-case compound
end<-neg amod
console<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
expensive<-dep advmod
savor<-cc aux conj nsubj
pronounced<-ccomp nsubj
telephone<-dobj
Hispanics<-dep
roll<-compound:prt dobj nsubj
cry<-compound det amod
change<-dobj nsubj dep neg ccomp aux mark
possible<-advmod nmod
pay<-compound nmod amod
bond<-acl det compound
ask<-nsubj dobj nmod advcl
full<-case nmod
able<-xcomp cop nsubj advcl
department<-case advmod nmod:poss
property<-case acl:relcl amod
take<-nmod compound:prt
wait<-case
way<-nmod:poss amod
unethical<-cop nsubj mark
record<-det compound
boundary<-dep det amod
2<-case dep
spread<-cc conj det acl
pend<-dep advmod nmod nsubj
appreciate<-dobj mark
resort<-xcomp aux advmod nsubj
march<-det
treasure<-det
culture<-compound
Taft<-case cop acl:relcl compound
relate<-case compound amod
label<-dep aux cop nmod nsubj
mean<-aux advmod nsubj
chutzpah<-det
defeat<-det nmod amod
late<-det nmod
arrangement<-case compound nmod:poss nmod amod
t-shirt<-compound acl:relcl nsubj
advise<-cc nmod dobj advcl aux conj
share<-dobj advmod nsubj
contract<-nummod acl:relcl det compound
NatWest<-appos
woman<-case cc det acl acl:relcl amod
barometer<-det nmod compound
last<-advmod
week.interstate<-det nsubj
operate<-cc conj nmod nsubj
Mulford<-case compound
proposal<-nmod:poss acl
seem<-xcomp nsubj advcl
timing<-nmod
promise<-aux nmod dobj
warn<-det nmod
claim<-nsubj nmod mark
do<-dep nsubj dobj mark
selling<-det nmod amod
slow<-compound:prt ccomp mark
overture<-nmod amod
charge<-cop nsubj neg det nmod aux
value<-nmod dobj
call<-cc conj dobj iobj mark
Owen<-appos compound
blunder<-cop amod
thirst<-dep nmod:poss nmod acl
model<-compound nmod:poss amod
Quickview<-case
volunteer<-advcl dobj nsubj
subcommittee<-det nmod compound
ranger<-det
due<-aux cop nmod mark
hang<-xcomp nsubj
fool<-cc cop neg nsubj
whole<-det nmod
pull<-advmod compound:prt nmod dobj nsubj
halt<-nmod:poss nmod amod
mainstay<-case nmod:poss
make<-aux nsubj nmod:tmod nmod mark
view<-advmod amod
engineer<-dobj advmod mark
office<-case acl:relcl det compound
rider<-cop nsubj cc mark acl:relcl compound conj
Colin<-compound
government<-acl amod
grow<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
Carlos<-case compound
Hoelzer<-nmod compound
shutdown<-cc conj compound
he<-cop nmod nsubj
slip<-nsubj nmod mark
plan<-case det acl
slowing<-cc conj det amod
lawyer<-dep acl:relcl det
team<-advmod compound:prt nmod nsubj
integrate<-xcomp mark
adviser<-amod
zero<-case
date<-cc conj advmod nmod nsubj
next<-case acl:relcl
trial<-case dep compound
delta<-case det nmod compound
condition<-dep det nmod amod
election<-case det nmod
fear<-cc nsubj ccomp advcl
felony<-det nsubj
Otros<-case compound
loft<-nmod:poss
straight<-dep cop advmod nsubj
forget<-aux neg
follow<-advmod dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
draft<-dobj
flexible<-cc cop conj
Shale<-det compound
rope<-case aux cop det nsubj
extend<-xcomp dobj nsubj
copper<-case nmod compound
put<-dobj iobj nsubj
fall<-advcl nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
extend<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
attach<-nmod
pour<-advcl dobj nmod mark
repercussion<-amod
owner<-det nmod compound
way<-dep cop xcomp case
proposal<-appos det compound
schedule<-nmod:tmod nmod
practice<-det nmod amod
competitor<-det
conflict<-nmod
number<-case cc conj nmod:poss compound
well-balanced<-cop advmod
Megargel<-case appos compound
enthusiasm<-case amod
stay<-cc conj advmod dobj mark
moderation<-case
Davis<-case cc conj compound
fattening<-ccomp mark
wife/mother<-det
doctor<-appos advmod nmod:poss
recommendation<-dep
shareholder<-case nmod
say<-case cop ccomp
lecture<-dobj nsubj
react<-advmod
alter<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
autocrat<-case acl:relcl det
Krisher<-cc acl:relcl compound
put<-nsubj cc advmod nmod aux conj
vehicle<-cc cop nummod appos conj
shareholder<-cop compound advmod acl:relcl nsubj
promising<-aux ccomp
reinforce<-mark
win<-advcl nmod nsubj
ask<-dobj mark
revel<-auxpass nmod mark
173/8<-dep nmod compound
left<-advmod det
fire<-case det nmod amod
say<-dep aux dobj nmod nsubj
Burr<-cc conj appos
cooperative<-cc conj compound
way<-nmod:poss nmod amod
announce<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
restriction<-case det amod
sign<-cc dep conj nmod amod
4,555<-dep nmod
today<-nmod
have<-auxpass advmod dobj
step<-cop nsubj det nmod amod compound
toy<-auxpass advcl nsubjpass mark
machine<-case compound nmod:poss amod
sort<-nmod:tmod nmod mark
sell<-cc conj nmod nsubj
unlikely<-xcomp cop nmod nsubj
flow<-cc conj compound amod
perverse<-dep advmod
pockmarked<-case det
unbeknownst<-nmod
proceeds<-case cc conj det
explain<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
dump<-case det
objective<-nmod:poss
pend<-xcomp nmod
rely<-xcomp nmod nsubj
report<-cop advmod mark
secure<-dobj nsubj
title<-nmod nsubj
more<-nmod:npmod aux cop nmod mark
hit<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
handle<-aux dobj csubj mark
turn<-dep nsubj advmod mark
assume<-aux dobj nsubj
overhead<-case cc conj compound amod
retreat<-det
available<-cop nsubj nmod advmod mark
refinery<-compound det amod
Democrats<-case cc conj
process<-cop acl:relcl det
debate<-nsubj neg advmod dobj advcl aux
prove<-xcomp nsubj
restaurant<-advmod amod
misanthrope<-det
share<-acl:relcl nmod:poss
Richards<-nmod compound
destroy<-cop nsubj
sweater<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
compensate<-aux nsubj nmod advcl
restoration<-case nmod
director<-compound amod
sprightly<-cc conj
strengthen<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
output<-appos
sit<-cc aux conj compound:prt nsubj
loser<-det
reaction.a<-nmod:poss amod
make<-nsubj advmod nmod mark
bond<-case acl:relcl det amod
Japanese<-cc conj
pass<-aux compound:prt nmod mark
neck<-case
stroll<-nmod mark
maker<-case appos compound
reluctant<-xcomp nsubj
grab<-dobj
blame<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
that<-advmod nmod
congressman<-det compound
McCaw<-case advmod
climb<-advmod dobj nsubj
see<-advmod ccomp
Florio<-amod compound
investigation<-case dep nmod cc conj nmod:poss
bring<-nsubj advmod dobj advcl aux mark
yesterday<-case nummod nmod
contemplate<-dobj nsubj
consider<-advcl dobj
171/8<-dep nmod compound
transcript<-case det acl
rebellion<-case det amod
creditor<-det nmod amod
jingle<-auxpass ccomp nsubjpass mark
visibility<-det nmod amod
plan<-cop nsubj acl amod mark
porcelain<-cc conj
escape<-case nmod compound
impact<-case det nmod amod
ask<-xcomp advmod dobj
punt<-compound
decline<-cc xcomp
spokesman<-nmod:poss
Fleet<-case
cost<-nmod dobj
likely<-dep cop
Tower<-det nmod compound
ownership<-nmod:poss amod
cut<-neg advmod dobj
share<-case nummod nmod:poss amod
state<-det nmod ccomp
find<-advmod nmod nsubj
Pearson<-case compound
ebullient<-dep advmod
Claus<-compound
respond<-mark
frustrated<-nsubj nmod ccomp
do<-aux dobj iobj neg nsubj
target<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
divide<-nsubj nmod dobj
shake<-compound:prt dobj mark
allocation<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
anxious<-xcomp cop nsubj dobj
counter<-case amod compound
adamant<-cop advcl
candidate<-case det
help<-cc conj ccomp mark
transfer<-compound
price<-cc cop conj amod nsubj
rejection<-case cc conj nmod amod
replace<-dobj
80<-case dep
flaw<-nmod:poss amod
prominently<-advmod
point<-aux compound:prt ccomp nsubj
part<-cop nsubj neg advmod nmod aux
Bush<-case compound nmod amod
repair.others<-case acl:relcl
sprinkle<-nsubj dobj nmod advcl
pressure<-det acl
express<-dobj mark
Matsushita<-cc conj
cost<-xcomp nsubj
launch<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
Football<-nmod:poss compound
match<-parataxis advmod dobj mark
absorb<-dep nsubj nmod advmod mark
time<-case acl
improve<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
reposition<-advcl dobj mark
period<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
minivan<-cc conj nmod:poss
surrender<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
let<-cc ccomp advcl
president<-advcl dobj det compound
stand<-case det
fur<-compound amod
identify<-cc conj dobj nsubj
2176.9<-case
part<-compound det nmod amod
father<-case det nmod
employee<-nummod advmod
take<-nsubj cc nmod dobj advcl aux conj
pleasure<-amod
question<-dep cop acl:relcl det amod
pay<-neg nsubj iobj dobj mark
Corry<-case acl:relcl compound
Maxicare<-acl:relcl
represent<-aux nsubj dobj advcl
decision<-case det nmod
temptation<-det acl
stagflation<-det nmod amod
fine<-cop nmod mark
detective<-case det compound
quarter<-compound amod
photograph<-case det nmod
design<-nsubj mark
read<-advcl nsubj
convict<-dep dobj
Transit<-det compound
plan<-nummod compound nmod amod
give<-dobj advmod mark
insistence<-dep cop nmod nsubj
station<-case
reaction<-nmod:poss nmod amod
oblige<-xcomp cop advcl
sector?what<-advcl nsubj mark
unworkable<-advmod
invest<-dep advmod mark
meaningless<-cop nsubj mark
four<-case cc conj det
Thompson<-appos
base<-case nmod:poss nmod compound
earmark<-cop advcl neg nsubj
belly-flop<-advmod nsubj
dealings<-case dep nmod amod
mentor<-case dep appos
damages<-cop nsubj mark
spruce<-compound:prt dobj mark
company<-case amod compound
fill<-nmod ccomp
life<-compound det amod
put<-aux compound:prt advcl nsubj
hear<-xcomp cc conj mark
schedule<-case
renowned<-auxpass nsubjpass ccomp
investment<-dep det
part<-cop nsubj advmod det nmod amod
clinker<-xcomp nmod nsubj
force<-dep case compound det amod
ahead<-case nmod:npmod
exploration<-case cc conj nmod:poss
dumbfounded<-aux advmod advcl nsubj
Zapfel<-appos compound
rumor<-case amod
175<-dep
pay<-aux nsubj nmod mark
Mead<-dep
grounds<-cop nsubj acl mark
live<-advcl nmod nsubj
rebate<-amod
stockpile<-acl:relcl det
come<-aux nsubj nmod advmod mark
Journal<-appos det compound
pyramid<-case det nmod amod
Jersey<-compound
bluntly.the<-ccomp nsubj
precipitate<-dobj nmod nsubj
guideline<-neg amod
call<-aux nsubj cop neg
case<-compound det amod
1.5820<-case dep nmod
noise<-nmod amod
serve<-xcomp nsubj
fill<-aux nmod:tmod dobj
)<-cc conj det compound
phase<-case det compound
2653.28<-case
intent<-nmod
design<-compound acl amod
manager<-case det
route<-det
worry<-cc conj dobj nmod mark
spot<-case det amod
keep<-xcomp nmod nsubj
excitement<-case cop nsubj cc advmod nmod amod conj
defend<-dobj nmod nsubj
interest<-cc acl:relcl amod
storefront<-xcomp
rise<-cc conj nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
search<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
provoke<-aux advmod nmod dobj
cap<-cc conj amod
55<-case dep
fill<-dobj nmod nsubj
order<-dep nmod acl
long<-cc advmod nmod
team<-compound nmod amod
import<-compound
polish<-dep dobj
relationship<-dep nmod nsubj
Ostrager<-acl:relcl nmod compound
Messiah<-dep nmod:poss compound
largely<-dep nmod
expression<-acl:relcl det amod
rig<-det nmod amod
effective<-cc cop advcl nsubj
Corp.<-case advmod compound
nose<-advcl compound:prt nsubj
conjecture<-case
gas<-case dep
airline<-dep amod
shut<-nsubj compound:prt mark advcl aux dobj
grow<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
sue<-nmod ccomp
California<-amod
guest<-dep nmod amod
winner<-acl:relcl nmod
promote<-advcl dobj
whisper<-nmod
doorstep<-case det nmod
target<-det
cents.unlike<-dep nummod
era<-case det compound
lead<-nmod dobj
bidding<-advcl
24<-cop nmod
manager<-dep det compound
affect<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
need<-xcomp aux neg
reserve<-case acl det amod
crash<-nsubj advmod mark
reaction<-nmod amod
respond<-xcomp nmod nsubj
alleviate<-advcl dobj
rusticate<-cc conj
fund<-nummod compound det amod
debt<-case nmod:poss
own<-dep dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
Louis<-case compound
find<-advcl
idea<-det nmod nsubj
skip<-auxpass dobj
different<-case advmod
those<-advmod nmod
export<-case cc conj compound
send<-compound:prt dobj nmod nsubj
specialist<-case appos nmod:poss amod
force<-case nmod:poss amod
expose<-advmod nmod dobj
2.25<-case dep
climb<-aux nmod nsubj
return<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
calendar<-det
walk<-nsubj cc compound:prt aux conj mark
road<-case cop nsubj det nmod mark
organization<-case compound
McDonough<-case cc det amod compound conj
microprocessor<-case cc conj det amod
one<-cop nmod acl
most<-case det
use<-aux nsubj advmod dobj mark
rule<-case det nmod
plant<-advmod nmod:poss nmod
favor<-nmod mark
test-drive<-cc conj dobj nmod mark
transfer<-case det nmod
worry<-case nmod compound
redemption<-nmod
industrialize<-xcomp advmod mark
advert<-cop amod det neg nsubj
lender<-case nmod amod
weaker<-cop
provide<-advcl dobj nmod mark
Cuba<-case cc conj
Wisconsin<-case nmod
element<-case compound nmod:poss amod
Switzerland<-case appos
report<-advmod
solve<-aux advmod nsubj
thief<-amod
lower<-cop nummod nmod nsubj
read<-advmod nmod mark
boost<-aux nmod
laud<-ccomp nsubj
route<-case nummod nmod amod
airplane<-det
foundation<-nmod:poss
gather<-xcomp auxpass nmod
keep<-aux compound:prt nmod neg nsubj
group<-cop dep compound cc advcl conj
mural<-acl:relcl det
require<-xcomp nsubj dobj advcl
line<-nmod:poss nmod amod
Kerschner<-appos compound
trader<-nmod
Flottl<-case appos compound
}<-compound nsubj
have<-xcomp aux nsubj advmod advcl
sustain<-dep nsubj advcl nmod:tmod mark
soar<-cc conj nsubj mark
account<-det amod
Cos.<-case acl:relcl compound
leg<-det
Gold<-acl:relcl
care<-dep compound
reasonable<-cop
sweat<-compound
rule<-neg dobj compound:prt
cheese<-case
seem<-xcomp aux advmod nmod nsubj
think.The<-nsubj dobj ccomp mark
333/4<-dep cop advmod compound
check<-advmod dobj
Gallery<-case compound det amod
%<-case nummod acl
caltran<-case
Corps<-case det nmod compound
entry<-case nmod:poss amod
alarm<-case amod
step<-xcomp nsubj
small<-det
takeover<-case nummod nmod:poss nmod amod
use<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
division<-case compound amod
III<-dep compound
associate<-cop nmod
House<-nmod:poss nmod
day<-case det acl
reveal<-ccomp mark
artistry<-dep amod
drive<-case det nmod amod
doubtful<-cop ccomp
confuse<-nmod dobj
candidate<-nummod
active<-cop nsubj cc neg advmod nmod conj
evening<-case compound
tethered<-advmod nmod:tmod
point<-nummod advmod
education<-nmod:poss compound
case<-case cc conj nmod
bedrock<-cop det nmod mark
Mr.<-nummod
mount<-dobj nmod mark
committee<-case det nmod amod
thing<-cop nsubj dep advmod det mark amod
aid<-aux nmod nsubj
Classic<-compound
2004<-case
streamlining<-det
appropriation<-case det amod
district<-compound
case<-case appos det compound
take<-aux advcl dobj
limit<-dep cc conj det compound
period<-case dep det amod
carping<-cop nsubj advmod nmod expl aux
run-up<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
foul-up<-det nmod amod
dump<-advmod nmod dobj
hostile<-nummod
RU-486<-dep
bullet<-case dep advmod acl compound
Dean<-case appos compound
predict<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
think<-xcomp parataxis nsubj
settle<-aux ccomp mark
building<-case compound
LaFalce<-case compound
occasion<-case nummod
get<-nsubj cc nmod dobj conj mark
Ray<-case acl:relcl compound
court<-cop nsubj neg nmod mark aux
come<-nmod ccomp
market<-case cop compound det nsubj
moralistic<-advmod
host<-case det
equiment<-case compound amod
mount<-advcl nmod:tmod nsubj
similarity<-case nmod amod
Hannifin<-compound
put<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
Soviets<-case det nmod
estimate<-case
cheating<-case amod
now<-cc parataxis advcl
pay<-nsubj cc dobj iobj advcl conj mark
learn<-aux nmod neg
market<-case nummod
UFO<-case
upset<-aux dobj nsubj
collection<-dep det
break<-case compound det nmod amod
sharecropper<-cop nsubj advmod nmod mark
solicit<-nmod dobj
nothing<-dep aux advmod
escrow.these<-case
director<-case advmod
consensus<-case nmod
content<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj advcl aux
instrument<-case dep nmod:poss
lull<-nmod
report<-det nmod det:predet
consider<-aux advcl nsubj
yesterday<-case compound
get<-nsubj cc neg compound:prt aux conj mark
Breakers<-compound
something<-cc aux advmod advcl
connoisseur<-det nmod
benefit<-compound nmod amod
Senator<-case
example<-cop nsubj det nmod amod mark
plan<-xcomp aux conj cc nsubj
get<-dep aux nsubj xcomp mark
turtle<-det amod
slip<-cop nsubj
home<-case nmod:poss nmod
rope<-cop acl:relcl compound
approve<-dep dobj mark
tank<-nummod advmod
inquire<-case
(<-advmod nmod:tmod dobj
make<-cc aux advmod xcomp nsubj
stage<-nmod
sale<-cop compound advmod neg
gusto<-case
winner<-compound nmod:poss amod
$<-case cc nummod nmod dep conj
improve<-advcl nsubj
nation<-amod nsubj
now<-dep cop mark
stand<-nmod
tie<-aux advmod nmod mark
tumble<-aux nsubj dobj mark
quote<-case compound amod
ready<-xcomp cop advmod nsubj
property<-case nummod nmod
sag<-case nummod compound nmod:poss amod
seek<-advcl dobj nmod mark
control<-acl amod
400,000<-advmod
unveil<-dobj nsubj
enjoy<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
warrant<-case nmod
resolve<-aux advmod mark
return<-case nmod:poss nmod compound
experience<-case det
forecast<-case nmod:poss nmod
institution<-case det compound
launch<-dep advmod dobj nsubj
Wright<-compound
artist<-dep acl:relcl
year<-cop amod det nmod mark
junior<-case det
train<-case nummod
slice<-compound:prt dobj
modulate<-nsubj advcl mark
holiday<-det amod
sister<-amod
fail<-dobj
Midler<-case compound
explosion<-case det
mid-November<-case
due<-dep cop conj cc nsubj
at<-nmod mwe
oversee<-advmod dobj
code<-compound amod
marry<-dep aux mark ccomp nsubj
effort<-compound nmod:poss acl amod
outskirts<-case cc conj det nmod
producer<-det amod
MPD<-compound
character<-case amod
income<-cop nsubj dep advmod det nmod amod
four-to-one<-case
launch<-nmod
emphasis<-det
reading<-cop compound nmod amod
tile<-cc conj compound
farm<-det amod
profit<-compound nmod amod
owe<-advcl dobj mark
school<-case acl:relcl nmod amod
begin<-xcomp cc conj dobj nsubj
involve<-cc conj dobj nsubj
base<-dep cop nmod nsubj
controversial<-advmod
operate<-nsubj nmod advcl
1.50<-case dep nmod
building<-case nmod:poss compound
angle<-case amod
opposition<-case amod
plant<-nummod compound
materialize<-xcomp aux nsubj neg mark
struggle<-xcomp
furnish<-aux nsubj dobj mark
Health<-compound
bureau<-det amod
attendant<-det compound
know<-dep nsubj advcl
approach<-cop nmod
insolvent<-advmod
attempt<-parataxis xcomp advmod nsubj
Syria<-dep
award<-cop nsubj cc advmod det amod compound aux conj
back<-ccomp advmod compound:prt nmod nsubj
situation<-case nmod:poss amod
disaster<-case cc conj nmod
secretary<-case det nmod
landowner<-case amod
age<-cc conj nmod
Disabilities<-case
average<-dobj
decry<-dobj nsubj
explain<-aux advcl neg nsubj
situation<-case cop nsubj dep advcl nmod:poss
drive<-case acl nmod:poss amod
effort<-nmod nsubj
HUD<-det compound
Rudnick<-appos compound
reckon<-ccomp nsubj
cede<-dep advmod dobj
trough<-det nmod
bailout<-appos det amod
Krat<-compound
Museum<-case advmod compound
pay<-dep aux nsubj nmod mark
arm<-cop compound nmod:poss nsubj
Hollings<-compound
location<-case nmod amod
earthquake<-case advmod det
Goode<-appos compound
scarce<-cc cop conj dep
risk<-dobj
trust<-nmod compound
contractor<-compound
appear<-nsubj advmod mark
co-exist<-nmod mark
prove<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
outstrip<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
crush<-case det nmod
raise<-advmod dobj mark
rely<-nsubj nmod advmod mark
passage<-nmod
buy-back<-det nmod amod
seed<-det nmod
dial<-nsubj dobj mark
subject<-cc cop conj nmod
disobedience<-acl:relcl amod
commitment<-nmod:poss nmod
ground<-case advmod det nmod compound
question<-acl det amod
hood<-det
whipping<-nmod:poss nmod amod
desire<-cc conj nsubj dobj
settlement<-case nmod compound
shortage<-det nmod amod
market<-advmod dobj mark
remain<-nsubj advmod mark
's<-dep advmod nsubj
cancellation<-case
alert<-dobj mark
plan<-case advmod acl
threaten<-xcomp
Americans<-dep nummod det
one<-nmod:poss amod
N.C.<-case appos compound
Nadeau<-appos compound
evident<-cop advmod ccomp nsubj
freedom<-case cc conj det
Bridge<-appos det compound
succeed<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
intact<-dep cc conj
screech<-nmod nsubj
speculation<-auxpass nmod:tmod ccomp
begin<-aux dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
Walsh<-compound
comfortable<-advcl cop ccomp neg nsubj
spend<-dep aux advmod nmod nsubj
involve<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
open<-cc cop nsubj
boost<-aux nmod ccomp
dissection<-cop advmod det nmod amod
confusing<-aux nmod dobj
gimmick<-dep amod
approval<-acl compound
capacity<-case compound advmod det amod
redeem<-auxpass nmod
maintain<-advmod dobj mark
error<-case cc conj
official<-case amod acl:relcl compound
overcome<-xcomp mark
advertising<-nmod:poss compound
pick<-cc xcomp dobj
ABC-TV<-case
rescue<-cc conj
equality<-case nmod
feud<-case det nmod
cocktail<-case amod
speak<-dobj
year<-case cop cc advmod det conj
think<-nsubj dobj mark
palace<-det nmod
undertake<-xcomp aux nsubj mark
reduce<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
conclude<-parataxis ccomp nsubj
survive<-aux nsubj nmod mark
stick<-aux nsubj mark
end<-case advmod nmod compound
Tiffany<-case det nmod
Doi<-acl:relcl compound
unit<-case dep nummod
work<-case cop ccomp nsubj
mail<-nsubj nmod:tmod mark
badly<-det
present<-advmod
Conasupo<-cc conj nmod dobj
decade<-case det acl
gas<-neg
stock<-case nummod acl:relcl
clear<-cop nsubj cc neg ccomp conj
cheaper<-advmod
capacity<-det nmod amod
weather<-compound amod
535/8<-dep cc conj compound
Ramirez<-cc conj compound
receivable<-case compound
least<-neg acl:relcl det
confess<-ccomp nmod:tmod nsubj
delay<-xcomp nmod nsubj
cut<-acl:relcl det
sensitive<-cop nmod
secretary<-det det:predet
option<-case
disappointing<-nmod
abolish<-dobj mark
convict<-auxpass nmod
use<-dep nmod
deploy<-xcomp cop nsubj
opener<-det nmod amod
project<-dep det amod
compact<-cc conj
season<-case amod nmod compound
rampant<-cop advmod nmod nsubj
Concerto<-case nmod:poss compound
Corp.<-nmod:poss
exercise<-aux dobj mark
estimate<-acl:relcl det
fault<-case
exhibit<-ccomp
debut<-case nmod:poss
plea<-dep mark
vote<-dep dobj mark
win<-aux nsubj nmod neg mark
banker<-compound det amod
return<-dep aux advmod nmod nsubj
sensible<-cc cop conj cc:preconj nsubj
have<-dep nmod ccomp cc csubj conj
fight<-dobj nmod mark
call<-cc conj dobj nsubj
Perry<-case compound
information<-case cc conj nmod compound
boom<-neg det compound
earthquake<-cc conj det
attraction<-nmod
signal<-aux nsubj dobj mark
explosion<-dep
sense<-dep cop nmod amod
investigation<-case nmod
understanding<-det amod
opponent<-nmod:poss
faith<-nmod:poss
hand<-advmod nsubj
travel<-dep advmod nmod dobj
packaging<-case amod
plague<-auxpass ccomp nmod mark
AG<-case appos compound
converter<-compound nmod:poss amod
cancel<-dobj nmod mark
investment<-case nummod det amod
minute<-nummod advmod
tool<-case acl:relcl compound
3.25<-dep
suppose<-dep cc conj ccomp nsubj
yen<-case nummod appos
shift<-case det det:predet
McFadden<-compound
burden<-dep det
blow<-det
want<-dep parataxis nsubj
activity<-det amod
dilute<-dep cop advmod nmod dobj
translate<-aux nmod nsubj
divided<-dep advmod dobj
insider<-compound det amod
own<-cc conj
bias<-case det nmod amod
stimulus<-det amod
share<-nsubj
slash<-nmod dobj
stake<-dep nmod
knit<-advmod
rise<-case nummod
sprawl<-case amod
securely<-advmod nmod
profit<-nummod det compound
fence<-det nmod
account<-dep cc det
crevasse<-case
evolve<-aux nmod nsubj
care<-case det nmod amod
VAX<-case det amod
conclusion<-det amod
sit<-advcl nsubj nmod:tmod nmod mark
antigen<-det amod
legislation<-dep det
cause<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
change<-nmod:tmod nmod mark
bid<-det nmod compound
go<-dep nsubj ccomp
stand<-nmod amod
lower<-dobj
low<-advmod nmod
1.11<-case cop nmod nsubj
irish<-case
throwing<-case cc conj compound
drop<-dobj nmod:tmod mark
methodology<-compound
attack<-aux nmod dobj
guarantee<-aux nsubj dobj nmod mark
manuever<-det
march<-cop nsubj cc advmod amod conj
have<-ccomp nsubj dobj advcl
match<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
word<-cop nsubj dep det amod compound
ill-gotten<-advmod
use<-nsubj advcl
city<-case nummod
award<-appos det compound
learn<-cop nsubj cc advmod dobj conj mark
roof<-compound
throat<-cc conj
tube<-det nmod amod
secretary<-amod
head<-advmod dobj
station<-case nmod:poss compound
shot<-cc conj det nmod amod
target<-appos det compound
extradition<-case det nmod
examination<-case det nmod amod
Holding<-case compound
innocent<-neg advmod
loss<-case nmod amod
unrelated<-nmod nsubj
toll<-dep nmod:poss
face<-dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
1.91<-dep
Sinyard<-compound
move<-advmod
augment<-xcomp mark
cooperate<-aux nmod nsubj
unit<-cc conj nmod:poss compound
Hambrecht<-cc conj nmod:poss
prefer<-xcomp aux nsubj
write<-nsubj dep advmod nmod dobj cc conj
immediately<-cc dep
dangerous<-xcomp cop nmod nsubj
standard<-acl det nmod amod
skewed<-cop advmod nsubj
instance<-case appos
line<-case cop nsubj advmod det nmod aux
boat<-det
programmer<-cc conj
flaw<-advcl advmod nsubj
Group<-case appos det compound
boost<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
(<-dobj mark
write-downs<-det
lose<-xcomp advcl nsubj
475<-case
notice<-cc conj nmod
reader<-case nummod acl amod
choose<-xcomp nsubj mark
relief<-det nmod
dive<-dep nmod:poss compound
pittance<-dep cop acl:relcl det nsubj
utility<-dep
rebuff<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
sign<-dep det
show<-compound det amod
Nadir<-case compound det amod
grant<-case
interested<-cop
make<-dep nsubj dobj mark
demolish<-dobj mark
2.625<-dep nmod
grant<-dobj
standard<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
comity<-amod
travel<-dobj mark
Panisse<-compound
loans.we<-case acl:relcl compound
Fund<-cop compound acl:relcl nmod nsubj
level<-det nmod compound
carry<-nsubj cc neg nmod dobj conj mark
interested<-neg auxpass nsubjpass nmod advcl
adopt<-nmod
remain<-xcomp aux advcl nsubj
grow<-cc conj mark
fortunate<-cop advmod
slow<-dep dobj
deny<-dobj iobj nsubj
Havel<-compound
interested<-aux cop nsubj advcl mark
or<-dep
limit<-case acl:relcl
393/4<-dep compound
practice<-case nmod:poss nmod
building<-det nmod compound
sink<-cc conj dobj nmod mark
consider<-nmod
close<-advmod nmod mark
usability<-det nmod
shut<-advmod compound:prt dobj nmod mark
chief<-case det compound
terminate<-ccomp mark
viable<-aux cop nmod advcl nsubj
Cut<-compound det amod
contain<-nmod nsubj
border<-case det
apartment<-case cop nsubj nmod amod aux
narcotic<-case
about<-dep ccomp
thwart<-dobj
knock<-cc aux compound:prt nsubj
storage<-case
ask<-dep dobj ccomp
Colgate<-acl:relcl
job<-case dep det
total<-det compound
surrender<-cc conj mark
willingness<-nsubj ccomp mark
bill<-aux cop advmod nmod nsubj
cigarette<-case nummod amod
trillion<-advmod
circumstance<-case neg conj nmod:poss cc
sea<-det
arbitrage<-case cc conj nmod compound
contractor<-nmod
cellular-phone<-cc conj
hour<-compound det amod
beach<-case nmod amod
Gillette<-case
release<-neg dobj mark
Gelbart<-cc acl:relcl compound
develop<-dep dobj nsubj
Grisebach<-nmod:poss compound
shipper<-dep
modify<-nsubj neg dobj advcl aux mark
undergo<-dobj
turmoil<-case det nmod
tear<-nmod nsubj
Reform<-cc conj
quality<-case compound det amod
great<-det
Fresca<-case compound
conclude<-dobj nsubj
sell<-aux advmod nmod nsubj
handle<-aux ccomp neg nsubj
fine<-dep cop
withdraw<-cc conj advmod nmod mark
hospitalization<-acl amod
advancer<-case advmod det compound
seat<-nummod
obligation<-det amod
area<-case compound acl:relcl amod
757/8<-dep compound
pass<-compound:prt dobj mark
unusual<-cc cop conj neg
climate<-case det det:predet
liquefy<-dep nsubj
champion<-nummod appos nmod amod
influence<-aux advmod dobj nmod nsubj
path<-det compound
mind<-xcomp aux neg nsubj
suspect<-xcomp nmod nsubj
respected<-dep
custom<-amod
policy<-case det det:predet
pact<-compound det acl:relcl amod
Healthcare<-appos
tax<-case compound det nmod amod
involve<-aux nsubj
expire<-aux nsubj
Bureaus<-compound
today<-cop nsubj neg advmod nmod advcl
woman<-case cop advmod nsubj
respect<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
level<-dep case det amod
writing<-det
watch<-auxpass advmod nmod advcl
shocker<-cop det
first-rate<-cop nmod
30<-cop nsubj acl:relcl nmod mark
accept<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
Smith<-amod compound
indicator<-nummod ccomp amod
court<-cop nsubj cc det mark compound conj
impunity<-case
janitor<-case nmod
put<-xcomp cc mark auxpass nsubjpass conj
discrimination<-dep det
track<-ccomp nsubj
judge<-case nummod det
force<-aux nsubj compound:prt dobj mark
plank<-case amod nmod:poss compound
12<-nmod
accelerate<-cc auxpass nsubjpass
open<-advmod nmod:tmod
there<-cop nmod
graze<-advcl nmod nsubj
gadget<-compound amod
recognize<-nsubj ccomp advcl
1960<-case cop nsubj advmod det mark
weaken<-auxpass nmod
intuitive<-advmod
attract<-advcl dobj nmod mark
shout<-appos
division<-case appos det
hope<-aux advmod nsubj
Major<-case appos compound
have<-cc aux nsubj xcomp mark
filings<-compound
uncertain<-cop nsubj
understand<-nsubj advcl ccomp
lobbyist<-case
hurl<-dobj nmod nsubj
see<-ccomp advmod dobj nsubj
add<-dep dobj nmod:tmod mark
give<-ccomp mark
Poindexter<-compound amod
spy<-cc aux dep dobj nsubj
retrospect<-case
critical<-cc
concession<-compound
Merieux<-dep nsubj
977/8<-case
life<-case advmod
treatment<-advmod ccomp amod
craft<-cc conj dobj
Barn<-case cc conj compound
documentary<-det
spin<-aux compound:prt nmod nsubj
action<-neg acl:relcl amod
management.instead<-parataxis nsubj nmod mark
state<-cc conj cc:preconj
society<-acl:relcl det amod
3.97<-case dep nmod:tmod
language<-case amod
ballplayer<-case det compound
stream<-case dep compound nmod amod
integrate<-advmod
home<-amod
raise<-aux nmod nsubj
notify<-aux nsubj advcl
trade<-case cc conj compound
tourist<-case nmod amod
oppose<-cc conj dobj mark
settlement<-case acl:relcl det
display<-aux cop nsubj nmod advcl
calculate<-ccomp nsubj
defense<-cc conj det amod
shareholder<-case cc conj compound
Warnaco<-dep
Urban<-case compound
imagination<-case cc conj
sense<-case det amod
bidding<-det
partnership<-case cc conj det nmod
clean<-cc conj compound:prt dobj mark
tycoon<-case det compound
accept<-aux nmod nsubj
quo<-case cc conj det compound
paper<-det nmod compound
hit<-nsubj cc nmod:tmod dobj aux conj
way<-dep nummod
certainty<-cop det ccomp
sweeten<-nsubj advmod nmod dobj aux mark
distort<-aux dobj nsubj
arouse<-cc aux conj nsubj
still<-nmod advcl
hamper<-dobj
see<-xcomp dobj mark
consulting<-compound
ship<-acl:relcl det amod
father<-appos nmod:poss
Said<-case aux nsubj mark
ask<-dobj nmod mark
active<-neg nmod cop
stage<-nmod:poss nmod amod
addition<-det
appeal<-advmod nmod
retail<-aux advmod nmod
encourage<-cc conj dobj nsubj
date<-appos nmod:poss compound
penalty<-case det nmod compound
Schwab<-cc conj compound
resist<-nsubj neg nmod dobj advcl aux compound:prt
indication<-nummod nmod
consolidate<-nsubj dobj advmod mark
outside<-case nmod compound
improve<-aux nsubj ccomp neg mark
press<-nmod dobj
deposit<-compound
return<-cc dep advmod amod
newcomer<-dep nummod
scan<-case amod
curb<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
lowered<-xcomp dobj
child<-compound
group<-nummod acl:relcl nmod
find<-aux nmod neg nsubj
revive<-aux nsubj dobj neg mark
method<-case nmod amod
reduction<-dep det
launch<-aux advmod nmod:tmod mark
violin<-case compound
presume<-xcomp
hackles<-case amod
talk<-case appos compound amod
Board<-cop nsubj det nmod amod mark
interest<-case neg det nmod amod
emphasize<-dobj advmod mark
get<-cc conj compound:prt advmod mark
need<-xcomp aux
friendly<-dep cop
target<-dep
call<-case compound amod
strategist<-nmod:poss
worry<-nummod nsubj
disclose<-advmod ccomp nmod:tmod nsubj
answer<-nmod:poss
worker<-case appos amod
decide<-xcomp
donate<-nsubj cc nmod dobj aux conj mark
rating<-det nmod compound
record<-dep cop nmod
rebound<-det compound
environment<-acl:relcl det
impact<-cc aux conj dobj nsubj
cognoscenti<-nmod:poss amod
enjoyable<-advmod mark
develop<-nsubj cc nmod dobj conj mark
mri-type<-det nmod
complicate<-dep auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
BUELL<-dep nsubj
stay<-xcomp nsubj neg advmod nmod aux
be<-xcomp advmod expl
loquacious<-advmod
time<-nummod acl:relcl
track<-compound
pay<-compound
turf<-dep
answer<-ccomp mark
debenture<-cc conj amod
police<-case
neglect<-advmod nmod
take<-nmod:tmod nmod dobj
crumble<-auxpass nsubjpass mark
man<-case nummod det
ask<-advmod nmod mark
increase<-aux nsubj nmod mark
mean<-cc conj ccomp nsubj
Pioneer<-compound
exporter<-det nmod amod
era<-det amod
13th<-compound
beef<-case cc conj
share<-nummod advmod det amod
smoke<-det nmod amod
1807<-case
clash<-dep det
idea<-cop nmod mark
borrow<-mark
indistinguishable<-advmod nmod
retire<-nmod:tmod nsubj
plummet<-advcl dobj nmod nsubj
buy<-advmod ccomp
classify<-nmod nsubj
know<-aux nsubj neg nmod advcl
cut<-aux dobj iobj nsubj
maintain<-dep neg advmod dobj mark
handle<-nmod nsubj
title<-nmod:poss
official<-case compound det amod
keep<-xcomp dep advmod nmod dobj mark
part<-advmod det nmod
fit<-aux dobj nsubj
manpower<-case compound
roll<-nmod compound
profile<-nmod:poss amod
circulation<-case nmod:poss nummod det amod
worker<-compound amod
steelmaker<-nummod nmod:poss compound
lowest<-nmod:poss
recommend<-dobj nmod nsubj
go<-compound:prt iobj dobj nsubj
amiss<-advcl
Geographic<-case compound
remove<-advmod dobj nmod nsubj
slip<-case det nmod
control<-amod compound
sound<-case det acl
amount<-case compound det nmod amod
official<-case nmod amod
align<-case compound nmod:poss nmod amod
rating<-case nmod:poss amod
Oct.<-case nummod acl:relcl nmod
Beirut<-case
say<-dep nsubj dobj advcl
fund<-case cc conj acl:relcl compound
reading<-case det nmod
{<-dep amod
cut<-case det
videocassette<-nmod
bet<-cop amod compound
adviser<-det
hope<-acl
edge<-case acl:relcl compound
reserve<-case nmod compound
lower<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
save<-advmod nmod nsubj
lower<-nsubj advmod dobj nmod advcl
consumption<-compound amod
offset<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod
advance<-cc conj dobj ccomp nsubj
policy<-acl det amod
set<-advcl auxpass dobj compound:prt
stick<-xcomp aux compound:prt nsubj
borrow<-aux nsubj advmod dobj mark
negligence<-cop cc advmod nmod amod conj
MMI<-dep det
slow<-cop nsubj cc nmod mark advcl aux
Beatty<-compound
Workers<-case det nmod compound
script<-case amod
presidency<-case det compound
good<-aux cop nmod nsubj
set<-advmod nmod dobj
interest<-xcomp nsubj mark
pack<-case dep compound det amod
say<-dep nsubj ccomp advcl
time<-cop nummod advmod
revenue<-cc conj cc:preconj
discussion<-case cc conj det amod
culture<-nsubj
turnover<-case amod
experiment<-case dep compound det amod
version<-nmod:poss nmod
while<-det acl
media<-case cc conj det
continue<-cc aux nsubj
export<-advmod det
stage<-acl:relcl det nmod
gum<-det
1,014<-case dep advmod
equipment<-nmod
manage<-advcl csubj mark
dividend<-case
meeting<-case nmod:poss nmod amod
bondholder<-case
5.32<-dep cop
legislator<-cc conj compound
cloud<-case
study<-dobj mark
computer<-cc conj amod
collaborate<-advmod nmod nsubj
Moliere<-case
wine<-cc conj amod
boundary<-case det nmod
long<-dep cop advmod
decent<-cc conj
expect<-dep nsubj nmod dobj
Mirage<-appos det
likely<-dep xcomp
78.625<-case dep
redemption<-det nmod
encourage<-aux dobj
issues.but<-case nummod amod compound
period<-advmod nmod amod
record<-aux nsubj dobj mark
profitable<-cop
item<-cop nsubj advmod nmod amod compound
block<-cop nummod advmod nmod
initiative<-case nmod:poss
Republicans<-case cc conj det
Luciano<-compound
company<-nummod nmod
hole<-case det
Roman<-case compound
lens<-case cc det amod compound conj
weapon<-det compound
chairman<-case appos det compound
supervisor<-case det
deny<-aux dobj advcl mark
discount<-neg
car<-acl:relcl det
Birmingham<-case acl:relcl
know<-advmod nsubj
gallery<-nmod:poss nmod
miracle<-acl:relcl det amod
photograph<-det nmod
brotherism.they<-case advmod amod
do<-aux nmod mark
seem<-xcomp aux nsubj neg mark
year<-cc conj advmod det acl:relcl
start<-dep nsubj advmod mark
base<-case det amod
Rally<-case compound
version<-case advmod det amod
hopelessly<-cop nmod nsubj
general<-case compound
option<-det nmod amod
technician<-case
soft<-advmod nsubj
direct<-advmod ccomp nsubj
Fields<-cc conj nmod:poss compound
growth<-case dep
Galileo<-nmod:npmod
overweight<-cc cop conj nmod nsubj
Host<-dep nsubj
headline<-case det nmod
ITT<-case
feel<-xcomp dep dobj mark
stage<-case nmod
get<-dobj advmod mark
Bourse<-case appos det compound
neighbhorhood<-case det
assure<-cc aux dep dobj nsubj
cleaner<-case det
publication<-det
scale<-nsubj dobj mark
suit<-det compound
backdrop<-case det
separate<-ccomp
26<-dobj nsubj
come<-aux neg nmod nsubj
peak<-case det amod
come<-cc conj compound:prt mark
ask<-xcomp nsubj neg advmod mark aux
come<-nsubj neg advmod dobj advcl aux
prefer<-aux dobj nsubj
comment<-aux advcl nmod neg nsubj
policy<-case det nmod
uncommon<-dep cop neg nsubj
conclude<-aux dobj nsubj
present<-cc cop conj ccomp
cooperation<-case nmod:poss
work<-cop amod
experiment<-nsubj mark
portrayal<-det nmod
competitor<-compound nmod:poss amod
note<-cc conj compound det amod
set<-auxpass nmod mark
uncertain<-advmod
sustain<-dobj nmod nsubj
profit<-xcomp
ride<-aux advmod dobj
Fujis<-nmod
slow<-xcomp cop
writer<-case det nmod
epicenter<-det
spot<-case det
foil<-dobj
involve<-parataxis nsubj neg nmod mark aux
disadvantage<-appos
unnecessary<-cop advmod nsubj
report<-cop neg nsubj
case<-dep det nmod
run<-aux compound:prt dobj advcl nsubj
put<-dobj mark
engineer<-cop appos det amod
storeroom<-det
spend<-aux dobj nmod:tmod advmod nsubj
dub<-auxpass nmod dobj
not<-cc cop conj nmod nsubj
emerge<-aux advmod nmod:tmod nmod nsubj
Berkeley<-case det compound
Harley-Davidson<-case
declare<-xcomp dobj nmod nsubj
businessman<-amod nmod:poss compound
invite<-cc conj advmod dobj nsubj
could<-xcomp nsubj mark
estate<-case det compound
poverty<-case cc conj
co-worker<-case dep appos
asset<-dep compound
austrian<-case cc conj det
legislature<-compound
want<-aux dobj nmod nsubj
visit<-det
banking.we<-compound
Kennedy<-cc cop compound acl:relcl nsubj
change<-aux dobj ccomp nsubj
serve<-advcl nsubj
Relations<-case cc conj compound
resolve<-cop nmod nsubj
heat<-advcl compound:prt nmod mark
sentiment<-nmod amod
those<-det:predet
Sept.<-nummod acl
units-Texas<-case dep nummod cc compound conj
AS<-case compound nmod:poss amod
tend<-advmod nmod nsubj
share<-cc conj nmod amod
concentrate<-advcl nsubj advmod mark
mix<-det compound
sign<-nmod compound
problematic<-cop advmod
artist<-case cc conj det
heat<-case dep nmod amod
dismissal<-nummod compound
include<-ccomp nmod nsubj
qualify<-nmod
use<-dep advmod det
statistics<-cop nsubj det nmod amod aux
seek<-aux ccomp
protection<-nmod
alliance<-case dep compound det amod
1029/32<-case
hour<-nmod compound
pay<-aux advmod nmod
Eckenfelder<-case appos compound
owe<-auxpass nsubjpass nmod
Navy<-dep cc det
GAO<-case
interesting<-cc cop ccomp nmod:npmod neg
refer<-nmod
Sunnyvale<-dep
compete<-ccomp nsubj
anything<-case amod
poise<-aux advmod det advcl compound
postpone<-nmod dobj
react<-nsubj cc advmod nmod aux conj
papa<-case
join<-xcomp nsubj cc dobj dep conj
resident<-case dep nummod
force<-cop nsubj dobj acl mark
cancer<-case cc conj
astronomical<-advmod
seek<-xcomp nmod:tmod nsubj
establish<-cc conj nmod
stomp<-discourse ccomp
arsenal<-case det nmod amod
press<-compound:prt nmod mark
give<-dep aux dobj iobj nsubj
japanese<-case advmod dobj
Waite<-cc conj compound
enterprise<-case det compound
choose<-cc aux conj nmod nsubj
Law<-det compound
accept<-xcomp mark
LaBonte<-compound
writer<-det compound
view<-compound:prt ccomp nmod nsubj
work<-det nmod amod
block<-case det nmod
pride<-case cc conj nmod:poss compound
turbulence<-nmod:poss amod
adjust<-advcl nmod nsubj
equity<-case acl:relcl
namedropper<-cop dobj nsubj dep det amod mark
yield<-cop amod nmod compound
decline<-case dobj
tuition<-nmod:poss
conservative<-case det acl
sink<-advmod nmod
foam<-dep compound
California<-case acl:relcl
have<-cc conj ccomp advmod nsubj
feature<-cc conj dobj nsubj
specialist<-case
deter<-nsubj dobj nmod mark
imply<-ccomp mark
attempt<-cop amod det acl mark
conclusion<-case amod
hover<-dep cop nmod
technique<-case det
TV<-case nmod compound
position<-case cop nsubj det mark aux acl
coupon<-dep det
send<-advcl advmod dobj
trade<-cop advmod nsubj
settle<-dep advmod
announce<-cc advmod nmod:tmod auxpass nsubjpass conj
presumption<-case det
124<-dep nmod compound
know<-cc aux conj neg nsubj
oversell<-det compound
reserve<-xcomp nsubj dobj mark
bear<-dep advmod dobj nmod mark
stab<-auxpass nmod
contribution<-acl:relcl det amod
demand<-nmod:poss
explosion<-det
revenue<-case nmod compound
price-cutting<-case
want<-xcomp aux neg nmod nsubj
prod<-xcomp aux dobj nsubj
difficulty<-case det nmod
cd<-dep amod
begin<-nsubj cc neg nmod dobj aux conj mark
appropriate<-aux cop nmod advmod nsubj
cost<-case neg amod
2.60<-dep
slowdown<-case det amod
assemble<-cc conj
refer<-advmod nmod nsubj
idea<-case nmod amod
interrupt<-case compound
need<-cc conj dobj nsubj
Cox<-compound
expire<-advcl advmod nmod nsubj
meal<-det amod
operate<-nsubj ccomp nmod mark
take<-dep nmod:tmod dobj
3.33<-dep
relevancy<-case cc conj
process<-dep det amod
confidence<-case
pitch<-compound:prt nsubj
express<-advmod ccomp nmod nsubj
tariff<-case acl:relcl
sue<-dobj mark
translator<-aux cop det nsubj
true<-nmod
fuel<-advmod nmod
take<-dep nsubj dobj mark
chemical<-case compound
avoid<-advmod nsubj
notice<-aux advmod dobj neg nsubj
company<-amod nmod compound
fund<-case compound det acl:relcl amod
appearance<-det amod
4.065<-case dep
slow<-nmod dobj
Fla.<-case dep det
save-the-earth<-nsubj ccomp mark
dependent<-nmod
folly<-det amod
wipe<-dep compound:prt dobj mark
let<-nsubj cc neg nmod ccomp aux
legalize<-advcl nmod dobj
nothing<-cop nmod nsubj
Light<-case cop cc appos compound conj
investor<-case advmod
remotely<-dep cop advmod nmod nsubj
occur<-mark
season<-advmod det
cash<-ccomp nsubj
accept<-cc conj nsubj dobj mark
river<-nmod
extend<-parataxis dobj nsubj
manufacturer<-case amod compound
inquiry<-case det nmod amod
reject<-auxpass
financing<-det
it<-case det
squeeze<-nmod mark
Campbell<-case
abandon<-advcl dobj nmod:tmod nsubj
read<-auxpass advmod nsubjpass nmod mark
point<-case dep det
grower<-compound acl:relcl amod
athlete<-cop det amod
Cutler<-case compound
Morristown<-dep
one-quarter<-case nmod
Engraph<-case
Russian<-acl:relcl det
everyone<-det
prefer<-nsubj dobj mark
bust<-case det nmod amod
friendly<-cop nsubj cc neg mark conj
ponderousness<-case cc conj
production<-case acl:relcl amod
feel<-aux nmod dobj
hand-carried<-cc auxpass nsubjpass conj nmod
tone<-case det compound
391/8<-dep compound
receive<-aux nsubj ccomp mark
Yokohama<-case
hear<-advcl dobj
summit<-dep amod
pass<-aux dobj neg
Japan<-case cop nsubj
disparage<-nsubj cc neg dobj advcl aux
Shannon<-dep compound
risk<-nummod
reform<-case compound det amod
better<-cc cop conj nmod nsubj
Leningrad<-case
SPCA<-det
Redfield<-case appos compound
count<-xcomp nmod nsubj
last<-nmod mark
Arabia<-case compound
agent<-case dep det amod
weigh<-aux advcl dobj
find<-xcomp aux ccomp mark
76<-case
contender<-dep det amod
produce<-parataxis dobj nsubj
radiation<-case amod
road<-case dep det
important<-cop advmod nsubj nmod mark
%<-case nummod amod
rights<-nmod
game<-case dep det
irregularity<-case nmod compound
scab<-nmod
do<-aux nsubj mark
mature<-cc conj nsubj mark
set<-advcl dobj
predictability<-det
consideration<-det amod
maker<-cop nmod amod compound mark nmod:poss
chairman<-case
Riviera<-dep det
price<-nummod nmod
feel<-xcomp aux ccomp nsubj
rate<-dep nmod:poss compound
luck<-compound
so<-cop
strategy<-cop amod nmod mark
stock<-case dep nmod:poss
love<-aux dobj advcl nsubj
buying<-dep amod
show<-cc conj advmod nmod dobj
Series<-case
barrel<-case nummod det
Section<-case det compound
halve<-aux advmod dobj
repair<-case amod
exercise<-cop nsubj nmod:tmod nmod advcl aux
store<-nmod ccomp
Tucker<-compound det acl:relcl amod
capability<-case nmod:poss
flat<-dep
spend<-advmod nmod nsubj
contrast<-case acl
largest<-nmod
part<-advmod det nmod amod
prepare<-cc conj nsubj nmod advcl
predispose<-nsubj nmod dobj advcl aux mark
supervision<-case det nmod
react<-aux nmod nsubj
scandal<-case nmod
consider<-xcomp aux nsubj neg mark
65,619<-dep nmod
ease<-nsubj cc neg advmod dobj aux conj mark
tenant<-acl:relcl det amod
deregulation<-acl:relcl det nmod
NRM<-case
Cairo<-case
Soviets<-case appos det
octave<-case nummod det